Sirivannavari : Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana Rajakanya ( ; ] ; ; born 8 January 1987) is a Princess of the Kingdom of Thailand and is the only daughter of King Vajiralongkorn and his former consort Sujarinee Vivacharawongse (commonly known as Yuvadhida Polpraserth) in the line of succession and to bear royal titles.
Sirivannavari : A badminton tournament that made its debut in 2016, the Thailand Masters, was named as the Princess Sirivannavari Thailand Masters.
Hu Xiaolian : She was ranked fourth on "The Wall Street Journal"' s "The 50 Women to Watch 2008" list and was referred to as "one of the most powerful people in the world".
Hu Xiaolian : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hu Xiaolian : Born in Hubei in 1958, Hu graduated from the Graduate School of the People's Bank of China with an MA in economics in 1984.
Moon Lee : Moon Lee Choi-Fung ( ; born 14 February 1965) is a former Hong Kong actress and stuntwoman who frequently played roles related to the Hong Kong action and martial arts genres in films and TV serials.
Gao Yuanyuan : Gao married Taiwanese actor Mark Chao in 2014.
Gao Yuanyuan : Gao Yuanyuan was born in Beijing and graduated from China Institute of Industrial Relations.
Gao Yuanyuan : In 2012, Gao starred in Chen Kaige's "Caught in the Web" where she plays a young woman who commits suicide after she becomes embroiled in a social media controversy.
Yoshiko Mita : With husband Yasuo Takahashi she has two sons, both actors.
Yoshiko Mita : She won the award for best actress at the 30th and at the 35th Blue Ribbon Awards.
Anna Lo : She is the first and, to date, only ethnic-minority politician elected at a regional level in Northern Ireland, the first politician born in East Asia elected to any legislative body in the United Kingdom, and the first Chinese-born person to be elected to any European legislative parliament.
Charlene Cothran : Charlene E. Cothran is an American journalist and the publisher of the magazines "Venus" and the defunct "Kitchen Table News" (not to be confused with the feminist, activist publishing company "Kitchen Table: Women of Color Press").
Masami Hisamoto : However, since 2014, on Nico Nico Douga and YouTube, videos get removed by Shinano Art (sometimes called "Shiano Art" or "Shinano Kikaku").
Mirai Shida :  She married a non-celebrity in September 2018.
Sierra Boggess : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melissa Rauch : In 2009, Rauch began playing the recurring role of Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz, a co-worker of Penny's at The Cheesecake Factory who began to date Howard Wolowitz, in the third season of TV's "The Big Bang Theory".
Melissa Rauch : Rauch was born to Susan and David Rauch, a Jewish family living in Marlboro Township, New Jersey.
Isuna Hasekura : In 2016 a sequel series titled of light novels began publication under the title Wolf and Parchment.
Isuna Hasekura : A manga about a lonely girl who is a successful day trader and an average college student who is hired by her for the purpose of tutoring her, but not only.
Cindy Au : As of 2014, Cindy maintains her hiatus and has made no announcements of any return.
Juno Temple : In February 2013, Temple won the EE Rising Star BAFTA Award, voted for by the public.
Juno Temple : That same year, she was named a Brit to Watch by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Juno Temple : From mid-2014 to 2016, Temple lived in Los Feliz, Los Angeles, with her then-boyfriend, actor Michael Angarano, whom she met in 2012 during production of their film "The Brass Teapot".
Juno Temple : Temple has also appeared in the music videos for Kid Harpoon's "Milkmaid" and Plushgun's "Just Impolite".
Juno Temple : In 2012, she appeared in "The Dark Knight Rises", as a "street-smart Gotham girl", and portrayed Diane in the lesbian werewolf tale "Jack & Diane".
Juno Temple : Her father directed her in the role of Emma Southey in the 2000 film, "Pandaemonium".
Juno Temple : Temple had a supporting role as Deborah Hussey in the 2015 true-crime film "Black Mass", which starred Johnny Depp; and played Jamie Vine, an A&R assistant for the fictional American Century record company, in the 2016 HBO series "Vinyl".
Zero Chou : in Philosophy from National Chengchi University in 1992.
Zero Chou : She is currently filming a six-film series called the Six Asian Cities Rainbow Project (亞洲六城彩虹計劃).
Zero Chou : Zero Chou (; born 24 July 1969) is a Taiwanese director and screenwriter.
Sayuri Ishikawa : Ishikawa married Kenji Baba in 1981, but the couple divorced in 1989.
Michèle Bennett : In the wake of the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, Bennett returned to Haiti with a search and rescue team to look for her brother RudyBennett in the rubble of the Hôtel Montana.
Michèle Bennett : Michèle Bennett (born 15 January 1950) is the former First Lady of Haiti and the ex‑wife of former President of Haiti, Jean‑Claude Duvalier.
Michèle Bennett : In 1990, Jean‑Claude Duvalier filed for divorce from Bennett in the Dominican Republic, accusing her of immoral acts.
Michèle Bennett : Although Bennett met Jean‑Claude Duvalier in high school, the pair did not become romantically engaged until ten years later.
Michèle Bennett : In 1973, she married Alix Pasquet, Jr., the son of Captain Alix Pasquet, a well known mulatto officer and Tuskegee Airman who in 1958 led a coup attempt against François Duvalier.
Timi Zhuo : Timi Zhuo or Zhuo Yi-ting (; born 2 October 1981) is a singer and actress from Taiwan.
Britt Nicole : Brittany Nicole Waddell, better known by her stage name Britt Nicole, is an American vocalist, songwriter and recording artist.
Laura Marano : In March 2015, Marano stated that she had signed a record deal with Universal's Big Machine Records.
Julianne Hough : All four of Hough's grandparents were dancers.
Julianne Hough : She also has three older sisters: Sharee, Marabeth and Katherine.
Julianne Hough : Her parents are Marianne and Bruce Hough; her father was twice chairman of the Utah Republican Party.
Yeo Yann Yann : The film won the Montblanc New Screenwriters Award at the 54th San Sebastian International Film Festival, and was the first Singaporean film to receive an IFFPA-recognised international feature film award.
Rosanna Martin : Rosanna Martin (born 27 July 1973 in Monselice) is an Italian runner who specialized in cross-country running.
Aisha Duo : The term "aisha" is an Arabic female name meaning "alive".
Aisha Duo : Two of the band's songs, "Amanda" and "Despertar", are loaded by default onto any computer with an installation of Microsoft's Windows Vista operating system.
Aisha Duo : Aisha Duo is an Italian jazz duo consisting of Andrea Dulbecco on vibraphone and Luca Gusella on marimba.
Ko So-young : Ko So-young (Korean:  ; born October 6, 1972) is a South Korean actress and model.
Emma de Caunes : In September 2011, she married English comic book artist Jamie Hewlett.
Emma de Caunes : Emma de Caunes (born 9 September 1976) is a French actress, the daughter of actor and director Antoine de Caunes.
Emma de Caunes : She was married to the singer Sinclair from 2001 to 2005: their daughter, Nina, was born in October 2002.
Judy Devlin : Judy Hashman settled in Oxfordshire, and ran a junior league for Badminton at St Helen's and St Katherine's School in Abingdon for over a decade.
Judy Devlin : Among these are 31 titles in the USA, 8 titles in Germany, 7 titles in Canada, 4 titles in the Netherlands, 4 titles in Sweden, 3 titles in Ireland, 3 titles in Jamaica, 2 titles in Scotland, and a combined 19 titles in All England Open and English National competition.
Giorgi Chikhradze : Chikhradze made 24 appearances for the Georgia national football team from 1994 to 2000.
Riyo Mori : She has studied at Quinte Ballet School of Canada and also is a graduate from Centennial Secondary School in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.
Higuchi Keiko : She worked for Jiji Press, Gakken and Canon respectively.
Sharon Waxman : She then graduated from St. Antony's College, Oxford University in 1987 with a Masters of Philosophy in Modern Middle East Studies.
Peng Liyuan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Peng Liyuan : In June 2013, the American "Foreign Policy" magazine's article "Why Michelle Obama Shouldn't Meet With Peng Liyuan", approved the First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama's choice not to meet with Peng Liyuan who allegedly sang in support of Chinese troops in Tiananmen Square in 1989, following a crackdown on protesters on 4 June.
Claire Holt : The two were married in April 2016.
Claire Holt : In July 2015, Holt became engaged to longtime boyfriend, television producer Matthew Kaplan .
Claire Holt : On 3 April 2020, Holt announced on Instagram that she was expecting her second child, and revealed on 16 April 2020 that she was expecting a girl.
Claire Holt : In addition to television and film roles, Holt has appeared in advertisements for Dreamworld, Sizzler, and Queensland Lifesaving.
Claire Holt : Claire Rhiannon Holt (born 11 June 1988) is an Australian actress and model, known for her roles as Emma Gilbert in "", Samara Cook in "Pretty Little Liars", Rebekah Mikaelson in "The Vampire Diaries", and its spinoff series "The Originals" and Kate in the 2017 survival horror film, "47 Meters Down".
Jo Yoon-hee : Jo Yoon-hee (born 13 October 1982) is a South Korean actress.
Jo Yoon-hee : On May 28, 2020, it was reported that the two actors had recently gotten divorced due to irreconcilable differences.
Jo Yoon-hee : The couple held a private wedding ceremony on September 29 and welcomed a baby girl on December 14, 2017.
Lene Alexandra : She and another woman claimed that they had sex with Robbie Williams, which she later has admitted was a lie.
Lene Alexandra : In 2013, she revealed that when she worked as a stripper, she had a habit of using amphetamine before she started her shifts.
Lene Alexandra : Lene Alexandra Øien (born 29 October 1981 in Trøgstad, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, television personality and model.
Lauren Cohan : Cohan graduated from King Alfred's College, Winchester (now the University of Winchester) with a Bachelor of Arts degree in drama and English literature before touring with a theatre company she co-founded at the university.
Aaron Olsen : Aaron Olson (born January 11, 1978) is an American professional road bicycle racer.
Go Ah-sung : Go Ah-sung (born 10 August 1992) is a South Korean actress.
Belinda Hamnett : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Belinda Hamnett : Belinda Hamnett (; Cantonese: Hon Kwun-Ting) born 28 September 1975 in Hong Kong is an actress, model and ex-beauty queen.
An Kum-ae : An Kum-ae ( , ] ; born 3 June 1980) is a North Korean judoka.
An Kum-ae : In the 2012 Summer Olympics, An won the gold medal in the Women's 52 kg Judo competition after defeating Yanet Bermoy of Cuba, having won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, losing to Xian Dongmei of China in the gold medal match.
Zhang Peili : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Peili : In 2007 Taiwan's TVBS found Zhang to be wearing a bracelet worth over 2 million RMB (approximately US$300,000) at a jewelry convention, and she was in Taiwan to buy a necklace valued 14 million RMB (approximately US$2,240,000)
Zhang Peili : Zhang and Wen have a son and a daughter, Wen Yunsong and Wen Ruchun.
Kaori Fukuhara : She and Emiri Kato were in a duo music group called Kato*Fuku, which sang theme songs for "When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace" and "Battle Spirits Saikyo Ginga Ultimate Zero".
Zhou Jihong : Zhou Jihong (), born 11 January 1965 in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, is a Chinese diver who won the first gold medal for Chinese diving.
Kao Chin Su-mei : She is also noted for her anti-Japan and China-friendly standpoints, and even protested in front of the Yasukuni Shrine in an effort to remove the enshrined spirits of Taiwanese Aboriginal soldiers who died fighting for the Japanese army during World War II, as well as sued Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi for visiting Yasukuni Shrine.
Vanessa Marano : Vanessa Nicole Marano (born October 31, 1992) is an American actress and singer.
Lina Joy : Born Azlina Jailani on 28 July 1964 in Malaysia to Muslim parents of Javanese descent, she converted at age 26.
Lina Joy : Though her change of name was recognised in 1999 and so noted on her identity card, her change of religion was not (for lack of a Mahkamah Syariah confirmation document); for this reason, she filed suit with the High Court in 1999, bypassing the Syariah Court (Islamic court).
Lina Joy : Legal recognition would have allowed her to have the change of religion noted on her national identity card; it would also remove the legal barrier to her marrying her Christian fiancé (marriage between Muslim women and non-Muslim men is forbidden under Malaysian law and under the Shariah/Islamic Jurisprudence; the non-Muslim man is required to convert to Islam under Malaysian law; Under Shariah, Muslim men are only allowed to marry Muslims or People of the Book, those who adhere to Abrahamic religions that pre-date Islam, however with conditions and restrictions).
Harley Quinn Smith : In January 2016, it was announced that Smith will play her father's character's daughter in the half-hour comedy "Hollyweed".
Harley Quinn Smith : Harley Quinn Smith (born June 26, 1999) is an American actress and musician.
Li Man : She is best known for her role in Zhang Yimou's 2006 film "Curse of the Golden Flower", which boosted her to stardom.
Guiyeoni : Guiyeoni ( , born 1985) is the pen name of internet novelist Lee Yoon-sae.
Guiyeoni : Despite her commercial success, Guiyeoni has been criticized for her lack of literary perfection, overuse of emoticons, and unrealistic setting in her works.
Leung Kam Fai : Leung Kam Fai (, born 17 July 1986 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a defender.
Lam Chi-chung : Lam Chi-chung (; born 16 August 1976) is a Hong Kong actor.
Agyness Deyn : Deyn was married to American actor Giovanni Ribisi from 2012 to 2015.
Hilary Van Dyke : Hilary Van Dyke (born October 30, 1970) is an American actress and singer who began her career in TV advertisements before landing the role of Marilyn Munster in "The Munsters Today", replacing the actress in the original pilot episodes, Mary Ellen Dunbar.
Kim Dae-young : Kim Dae-Young (Hanja:金大英, ; born 30 July 1981) is a South Korean soccer player who was a defender for Changwon City FC in the National League of South Korea.
Choi Myung-sung : Choi Myung-Sung ( ; born 4 January 1982) is a South Korean football midfielder, who plays for Changwon City FC in National League.
Agnes Lum : Agnes Nalani Lum (born May 21, 1956) is an American gravure idol, singer, actress, and bikini model popular in Japan in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Agnes Lum : Lum was born to a Chinese father and a mother of Hawaiian ancestry.
Laura Marling : Marling attended Waverly Primary School in Finchampstead, Berkshire, and received a scholarship to attend Leighton Park School, a private Quaker school in Reading, Berkshire.
Laura Marling : She won the Brit Award for Best British Female Solo Artist at the 2011 Brit Awards and was nominated for the same award at the 2012, 2014, 2016, and 2018 Brit Awards.
Laura Marling : Marling's father, Sir Charles William Somerset Marling, 5th Baronet, ran a recording studio, introduced her to folk music, and shaped her musical taste, an experience that Marling later described as, "a bit of a blessing and a bit of a curse.
Anna Soubry : ...
Anna Soubry : ...
Anna Soubry : Soubry has been married twice, and is a mother of two daughters by her marriage to Haig Gordon.
Anna Soubry : She was involved in student politics in the 1970s, becoming the only Conservative member of the National Union of Students' executive committee.
Anna Soubry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna Soubry : Anna Mary Soubry ( ; born 7 December 1956) is a British barrister, journalist and former politician who was Member of Parliament (MP) for Broxtowe in Nottinghamshire from 2010 to 2019.
Anna Soubry : Soubry attended the Henry Hartland Grammar School from 1968 to 1970, in which year it became the Hartland Comprehensive; she remained at the school until 1975, in which year she joined the Conservative Party.
Dai Yun : Dai Yun (; born 22 November 1977) is a Chinese former badminton player.
Dai Yun : At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney she was beaten by Martin, again, in the semifinals, and then lost a close bronze medal match to fellow countrywoman Ye Zhaoying.
Gu Jun : They won the gold medal by beating Gil Young-ah and Jang Hye-ock of South Korea 15–5, 15–5 in the final match.
Michelle Howard : On February 1, 2013, Howard was honored with the "Chairman's Award" at the 44th NAACP Image Awards.
Michelle Howard : Howard retired on 1 December 2017 after nearly 36 years of service in the United States Navy.
Han Aiping : She died on 16 October 2019 due to lung cancer at the age of 57.
Wayne Russell : Wayne Leonard Russell (born 29 November 1967) was a Welsh football player during the 1990s and early 2000s.
Cécilia Attias : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cécilia Attias : In it, she admitted that she had run away with her lover, Richard Attias, in 2005 ("I met someone, I fell in love, I left") and that though she eventually returned to Sarkozy, they were unable to repair their marriage.
Cynthia Lummis : A member of the Republican Party, she served as the U.S. Representative for Wyoming 's at-large congressional from 2009 to 2017.
Lea Michele : In Concert!
Elsa Lin : She collaborated with filmmaker Eric Khoo who directed the music video in Singapore.
Julie Moore : Dame Julie Moore {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 18 August 1958) was the Chief Executive of University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust from 2006 to 2018.
Miki Maya : She became the top star of Flower troupe in 1995 and retired in 1998.
Joanne Goode : Archer and Goode won gold medals twice at the Commonwealth Games in 1998 and 2002.
Joanne Goode : Joanne Gwendoline "Jo" Goode MBE (née Wright; born 17 November 1972) is a former English badminton player.
Monica Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monica Chan : Monica Chan Fat-yung (Chinese: 陳法蓉; born 28 October 1966) is a Hong Kong actress and model.
Sei Ashina : She made her acting debut in the 2002 Tokyo Broadcasting System Television series "The Tail of Happiness" (しあわせのシッポ), modeling that year in magazines including Shogakukan's CanCam and Shueisha's Pinky, and was best known for starring as Hime in "Kamen Rider Hibiki".
Saoirse Ronan : Ronan holds dual Irish and American citizenship and has said, "I don't know where I am from.
Saoirse Ronan : The family moved back to Dublin when Ronan was three years old.
Gréta Arn : Gréta Arn (born 13 April 1979) is a Hungarian tennis player of Danube Swabian German descent.
Josie Loren : On May 28, 2018, Loren married former NFL player Matt Leinart.
Josie Loren : In July 2014, Loren was cast as a series regular in the seventh and final season of the crime drama series "The Mentalist" as rookie FBI agent Michelle Vega.
Josie Loren : She is best known for the role of Kaylie Cruz in the ABC Family series "Make It or Break It", and as FBI Agent Michelle Vega in the TV series "The Mentalist".
Josie Loren : Determined to make it big in show business, Loren then took on a role in "Medium" and later appeared on two episodes of the Nickelodeon series "Drake & Josh" as Maria.
Yang Huiyan : Yang Huiyan (; born 1981) is a Cypriot-Chinese billionaire businesswoman and property developer who is the majority shareholder of Country Garden Holdings, a stake largely transferred to her by her father Yang Guoqiang in 2007.
Gwen Lister : In March 2011, after 26 years as "The Namibian"'s editor, she was succeeded by Tangeni Amupadhi.
Gwen Lister : Gwen Lister (born 5 December 1953 in East London, South Africa) is a Namibian journalist, publisher, anti-apartheid and press freedom activist.
Gwen Lister : In 2000, IPI named her one of 50 World Press Freedom Heroes of the previous fifty years.
Gwen Lister : In 1991, a mercenary for the Civil Cooperation Bureau — a South African government hit squad—who had been arrested for the murder of SWAPO activist Anton Lubowski stated that he had also been sent to Namibia to poison Lister.
Gwen Lister : The "Namibian" office was shot at and tear gassed, and in October 1988, was firebombed by an Afrikaner vigilante group called the "White Wolves".
Gwen Lister : As political editor, Lister wanted to give SWAPO, Namibia's liberation movement, "a 'human face', showing the people, including whites, that they were not the 'terrorists' and 'communists' and the 'black threat' that the colonial regime made them out to be through their blanket propaganda."
Viviane Hagner : Viviane Hagner is a German violinist.
Viviane Hagner : Since her debut, Hagner has been a regular soloist with leading orchestras including the Berlin Philharmonic, Staatskapelle Berlin, Chicago Symphony, New York Philharmonic, Montreal Symphony, and BBC Symphony, working with top conductors including Daniel Barenboim, Kent Nagano, Claudio Abbado, Zubin Mehta, Vladimir Ashkenazy, and Pinchas Zukerman.
Viviane Hagner : She plays the "Sasserno" Stradivarius, made in 1717.
Sarah Jane Brown : There, she was educated at Acland Burghley Secondary School and Camden School for Girls, and later took a psychology degree at the University of Bristol.
Sarah Jane Brown : The relationship was kept secret until June 1997, when the "News of the World" published a picture of them together at a restaurant in London.
Sarah Jane Brown : On 17 October 2003, she gave birth to their second child and first son, John.
Sarah Jane Brown : Her mother Pauline was a teacher and her father Iain worked for publisher Longman.
Jenny Hu : Jenny Hu (Chinese: 胡燕妮 wu yin ne/hu yian ni; born 17 November 1945), is a Hong Kong actress of Chinese and German origin best known for her leads in Shaw Brothers productions throughout the 1960s and early 1970s.
Kathy Chow : Kathy Chow Hoi-mei (; born December 6, 1966 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actress and singer who is widely known for her leading roles in Hong Kong TVB series during the late 1980s to 1990s such as "The Breaking Point" and "Time Before Time".
Fara Williams : On 23 May, Williams picked up the 2007 FA International Player of the Year Award.
Fara Williams : Fara Tanya Franki Merrett MBE (born 25 January 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Reading and the England national team.
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : She was reelected in 2007 and 2012.
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : She was endorsed by François Fillon.
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : In February 2013, Kosciusko-Morizet announced she would be a candidate for the Mayor of Paris in the 2014 local elections.
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : Kosciusko-Morizet graduated from the École Polytechnique and the Collège des Ingénieurs.
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : In the 2008 French municipal elections, Kosciusko-Morizet was elected mayor of Longjumeau (Essonne).
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet : In the government of Prime Minister François Fillon, Kosciusko-Morizet became a state secretary in the French government responsible for the environment in 2007, serving under Minister of Ecology, Energy, Sustainable Development and the Sea Jean-Louis Borloo.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex : At age 11, she wrote to Procter & Gamble to gender-neutralize a dishwashing soap commercial on national television.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex : In 2003, Markle earned her bachelor's degree with a double major in theater and international studies from Northwestern's School of Communication.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex : They were married in Ocho Rios, Jamaica on September 10, 2011 and concluded a no-fault divorce in August 2013, citing irreconcilable differences.
Paris Hilton : Her sentence was 36 months' probation and fines totaling about US$1,500.
Paris Hilton : Hilton earned about US$2 million between 2003 and 2004, US$6.5 million between 2004 and 2005, and US$7 million between 2005 and 2006.
Paris Hilton : On May 4, 2007, Hilton was sentenced by Judge Michael T. Sauer to 45 days in jail for the probation violation.
Paris Hilton : Paris Whitney Hilton (born February 17, 1981) is an American media personality, socialite, businesswoman, model, singer, actress, and DJ.
Paris Hilton : On 7 September 2006, Hilton was arrested by the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, with a blood alcohol content of 0.08%.
Lily Mariye : Mariye was born in Las Vegas, Nevada and graduated from UCLA with a BA in Theater Arts.
Rachida Dati : Rachida Dati (] ; born 27 November 1965) is a French politician who served as Member of the European Parliament, representing Île-de-France.
Rama Yade : She was educated in Catholic schools and then at the "Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris", where she graduated in 2000.
Rama Yade : Rama Yade (born Mame Ramatoulaye Yade; 13 December 1976) is a Senegalese-born French politician and the author of several books.
Shim Eun-ha : Shim Eun-ha (; born September 23, 1972) is a retired South Korean actress.
Teresa Mak : Teresa Mak Ka-kei (麥家琪) is a Hong Kong actress signed to ATV.
Penelope Fillon : They are Catholic.
Penelope Fillon : In June, 2020, Penelope Fillon was convicted of embezzlement of public funds and sentenced to three years imprisonment.
Penelope Fillon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penelope Fillon : François and Penelope Fillon have five children: Marie (born 1982), a barrister, Charles (born 1984), a lawyer, Antoine (born 1985) and Edouard (born 1989), who both work in finance, and Arnaud (born 2001), a high school student.
Renee Alway : She was arrested for multiple offenses, including drug possession, burglary, committing a felony while on bail, theft, and fraud.
Renee Alway : On the show Alway received two first call-outs and won two challenges.
Renee Alway : Renee Diane Alway (born April 29, 1986), is an American fashion model, the 3rd place of "America's Next Top Model, Cycle 8", and the runner-up on "Modelville".
Renee Alway : Before "Top Model", she modeled in New York City, Europe and Japan and appeared in "Seventeen" and Italian "Vogue".
Michiko Nishiwaki : Nishiwaki married in 1996 and subsequently moved to Moorpark, California, where she was living with her husband and son as of the middle of October 2013.
JoAnn Falletta : JoAnn Falletta (born February 27, 1954 in Queens, New York) is an American conductor.
JoAnn Falletta : Falletta served on the National Council on the Arts from 2008 to 2012, following her appointment by President George W. Bush.
JoAnn Falletta : Falletta has recorded over 70 albums for such labels as Naxos, featuring works by Brahms, Barber, and Schubert, and women composers such as Fanny Mendelssohn, Clara Schumann, Lili Boulanger, and Germaine Tailleferre, in addition to contemporary composers such as John Corigliano.
Tina Pisnik : Tina Pisnik (born 19 February 1981) is a former professional tennis player from Slovenia.
Melissa Wu : In 2008, along with Briony Cole, Wu won a silver medal at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing for the synchronized 10 metre platform, becoming the youngest Australian ever to win an Olympic medal in diving.
Melissa Wu : Melissa Paige Wu (born 3 May 1992) is an Australian diver and silver medal winner at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Eiko Shimamiya : List of albums with at least one Eiko Shimamiya's song.
Eiko Shimamiya : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anette Olzon : In her earlier days, Olzon took singing lessons at the Copenhagen Music Conservatorie, in Helsingør, Denmark, with a private teacher.
Anette Olzon : Olzon's final performance with Nightwish was on 29 September, at The Complex, Salt Lake City.
Anette Olzon : Olzon lives in Helsingborg with her husband, former Pain bassist Johan Husgafvel, whom she married on 10 August 2013, and her three children: sons, Seth (Blyckert) (born 11 July 2001) from her first marriage, Nemo (born 30 July 2010), and Mio (born 28 March 2013).
Anette Olzon : Olzon has mentioned Natalie Cole and Celine Dion as being her inspirations in singing.
Anette Olzon : On 13 August 2009, Olzon sang two Nightwish songs, "Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan" and "Meadows of Heaven", with the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, at the Suomi Safari – the event was in celebration of Sweden and Finland relations.
Anette Olzon : Olzon has played with several bands, in studio and live, including Brother Firetribe on the song "Heart Full of Fire" from the album of the same name in 2008, The Rasmus on the single "October & April" in 2009, Pain on the song "Follow Me", "Feed Us" from "Cynic Paradise" in 2008 and Black Mount Rise on the single "Apart & Astray" in 2015.
Anette Olzon : Anette Ingegerd Olsson (born 21 June 1971), known by the stage name Anette Olzon, is a Swedish singer, best known as the former lead vocalist of Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish from 2007 to 2012.
Yan Jiankui : She ran the 100 m in 11.22 seconds in Beijing and the 200 m in 22.85 seconds in Shijiazhuang.
Yan Jiankui : She also competed at the 1997 World Indoor Championships and the 1997 World Championships without reaching the final.
Liang Zicheng : Liang Zicheng (, born 18 March 1982) is a former Chinese-born Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a striker.
Zhang Jianzhong : Zhang Jianzhong (, born 18 September 1985 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese professional association football player who has recently played for Sun Hei in Hong Kong First Division League.
Kim Jong-chun : in South Korea.
Kim Jong-chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Jong-chun : Kim Jong-Chun (born July 7, 1976) is a retired South Korean football player, who last played for amateur side Yongin Citizen F.C.
Phyllida Lloyd : After graduating from Birmingham University in 1979 (BA, English), she spent five years working in BBC Television Drama.
Phyllida Lloyd : Phyllida Christian Lloyd, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 17 June 1957) is an English film director and producer, best known for "Mamma Mia!"
Makiko Horai : She also played for Japan National women's volleyball team and participated at the 2006 World Championship.
Chrystia Freeland : She also speaks English, Russian, Italian, and French.
Chrystia Freeland : On March 6, 2017, together with National Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, Freeland announced Canada's military training mission in Ukraine would be extended until March 2019, maintaining the 200 soldiers previously mandated by the Harper government.
Chrystia Freeland : On April 18, 2019, she was ranked 37th among the world's leading leaders in "Fortune Magazine"' s annual list.
Chrystia Freeland : Freeland is the author of "Sale of the Century", a 2000 book about Russia's journey from communism to capitalism and "Plutocrats: The Rise of the New Global Super-Rich and the Fall of Everyone Else" in 2012.
Jeon Do-yeon : Jeon married businessman and professional car racer Kang Shi-kyu, who is nine years her senior, in a private wedding ceremony at Shilla Hotel on March 11, 2007.
Jeon Do-yeon : Jeon Do-yeon (Hangul: ; born February 11, 1973) is a South Korean actress.
Jeon Do-yeon : In 2014, she was announced as one of the nine panel members of the main competition jury at the 67th Cannes Film Festival, making her the first Korean actor or actress to receive the honor and the second Korean after director Lee Chang-dong in 2009.
Sherman Chung : During 2006, she underwent a series of intensive training and released her first single "The Throes of Master" (高手過招) in 2007.
Sherman Chung : She started her career after winning the 2005 EEG Singing Contest (aka 24th annual New Talent Singing Awards Hong Kong Regional Finals).
Soundarya Rajinikanth : Soundarya did her childhood education in the Ashram Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Velachery, Chennai.
Soundarya Rajinikanth : Soundarya Rajinikanth (born 20 September 1984) is an Indian graphic designer, producer and director who primarily works in the Tamil film industry.
Phoebe Philo : Philo was named by Time Magazine as amongst the world's 100 most influential people in 2014.
Phoebe Philo : In 2017 after 10 years of working at Céline and much speculation in the media it was announced that Philo would step down as the creative director of Céline after the Pre-Fall 2018 collection.
Phoebe Philo : Phoebe Philo OBE (born 1 January 1973) is a British fashion designer.
Phoebe Philo : Philo began working for Chloé in 1997 as Stella McCartney's design assistant, succeeding her as creative director in 2001.
Phoebe Philo : Her father, Richard, is a surveyor and her mother, Celia, is an art dealer and graphic artist who had a hand in creating David Bowie's "Aladdin Sane" album cover.
Lee Hanee : Lee Hanee (; born March 2, 1983), also known as Honey Lee, is a South Korean actress, model, classical musician and beauty pageant titleholder.
Jenny McCarthy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jenny McCarthy : She has promoted the disproven idea that vaccines cause autism, and she believes that chelation therapy, a quack remedy for autism, helped cure her son of autism.
IJustine : She played a photojournalist covering a bank robbery in downtown Pittsburgh on the television series "The Kill Point" from Spike TV, which starred John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg; it was filmed in May 2007.
IJustine : Ezarik appeared live on the Internet through the use of a wireless webcam and microphone on her own iJustine lifecasting channel on Justin Kan's Justin.tv, where she began transmitting her life via the Internet on May 29, 2007.
Richard Ritchie : Richard Ritchie (born May 2, 1955 in Mineral Wells, Texas) is a former American football quarterback who played college football for Texas A&I from 1973 to 1976.
Karin Knapp : Karin Knapp (born 28 June 1987) is a retired Italian tennis player.
Karin Knapp : At the 2007 US Open, she defeated Chan Yung-jan to reach the second round where she lost to American wildcard Ahsha Rolle.
Susanna Kwan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susanna Kwan : Susanna Kwan Kuk-ying (born May 3, 1958) is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Han Ye-seul : Han Ye-seul (Hangul: 한예슬; born Leslie Kim on September 18, 1981) is an American-born South Korean actress.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : She’s the actress of the moment.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : [Rosie] really is the model of the moment.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : Celebrity make-up artist Ruby Hammer, who has worked with Huntington-Whiteley for years, described her as the "quintessential" .
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : Educated at Tavistock College, she later revealed that she was bullied and teased at school for having a double-barrelled name, small breasts and full lips.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : In 2013, Huntington-Whiteley starred alongside Helena Bonham Carter and David Gandy in the Marks & Spencer Christmas advert.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley : In March 2011, Huntington-Whiteley landed her first solo "British Vogue" cover and appeared on the covers of the UK's July issues of "Elle" and "GQ".
Marlene Thomsen : Marlene Thomsen (born 5 May 1971 in Vejle) is a former badminton player from Denmark.
Wataru Kozuki : Kozuki is 174 cm tall.
Li Xiaoxia : In terms of achievements, she is one of the most successful female table tennis players (alongside Ding Ning, Deng Yaping, Wang Nan, Zhang Yining) having won the gold medal in each of the Table Tennis World Cup, the Table Tennis World Championships, and the Olympic Games.
Anri Kumaki : Anri Kumaki started writing songs when she was 17 years old and won the audition of a TV program which was broadcast by Nippon Television in 2001.
Anri Kumaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shu Ting : Shu Ting (; born 1952 in Jinjiang, Fujian) is the pen name of Gong Peiyu (), a Chinese poet associated with the Misty Poets.
Sheridan Scott : She worked for the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and Bell Canada before being appointed to the Competition Bureau.
Zheng Xingjuan : Zheng Xingjuan (born March 20, 1989 in Fuqing, Fujian, PR China) is a Chinese high jumper.
Zheng Xingjuan : Her outdoor best is 1.95 m which she crossed first in 2009 in Jinan and again in 2011 at the Daegu world championships.
Michelle Larcher de Brito : Michelle Larcher de Brito (born 29 January 1993) is a former professional tennis player.
Elizabeth Turner : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Elizabeth Turner : She won a gold medal in the mixed C-2 event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala, Gwynedd, Wales.
Yumi Tamura : In addition to manga, she has published four novels with illustrations by herself, as well as doing character designs for Square's Super Famicom RPG "Live A Live"'s Science Fiction chapter, "Mechanical Heart."
Kaitlin Doubleday : Kaitlin Janette Doubleday (born July 19, 1984) is an American actress.
Kaitlin Doubleday : In 2015, Doubleday began starring in the Fox musical prime time soap opera "Empire".
Tseng Wen-hui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jing Ulrich : Moreover, Ulrich has served as an independent director on the board of GlaxoSmithKline, a global healthcare company, on the board of Italian luxury-goods firm, Ermenegildo Zegna.
Jing Ulrich : Jing Ulrich, née Li (李晶), (born 28 June 1967) is the managing director and vice chairman of global banking and Asia Pacific at JPMorgan Chase.
Jing Ulrich : She is in charge of covering JPMorgan Chase's most senior global clients across all asset classes and strengthening relationships with executives in Asia Pacific and the rest of the world.
Sally Oliver : Sally Oliver (born 26 December 1983) is an English actress who appeared in British soap opera "Emmerdale" from July 2007 to August 2009, playing the character of Lexi, the daughter of Carrie Nicholls (played by Linda Lusardi) and the sister of Scarlett Nicholls (played by Kelsey-Beth Crossley).
Irina Antonova : Antonova died on 30 November 2020, from COVID-19 and its complications.
Irina Antonova : Irina Aleksandrovna Antonova ( ; 20 March 192230 November 2020) was a Russian art historian who served as a Director of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow for 52 years, from 1961 to 2013, making her the oldest and the longest serving director of a major art museum in the world.
Catherine Cortez Masto : Catherine Marie Cortez Masto (born March 29, 1964) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the senior United States senator from Nevada since 2017.
Catherine Cortez Masto : She took office on January 3, 2017, becoming the first Latina in the U.S. Senate.
Catherine Cortez Masto : In June 2019, following the Housing and Urban Development Department's confirmation that DACA recipients did not meet eligibility for federal backed loans, Cortez Masto and 11 other senators introduced the Home Ownership Dreamers Act, legislation that mandated that the federal government was not authorized to deny mortgage loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or the Agriculture Department solely due to applicants' immigration status.
Raquel Sánchez-Silva : After that, she was a news anchor on Telemadrid and she started working for Canal+ ("Noche de los Oscars", "La hora wiki") and Cuatro ("Soy lo que como", "Noche Cuatro", "Idénticos", "Noche Manga", "Oído cocina", a special episode of "Supernanny", and special shows about series such as "House" and "Grey’s Anatomy").
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova : Anastasia Sergeyevna Pavlyuchenkova (Russian: ; born 3 July 1991) is a Russian tennis player.
Eleanor Lee : Prior to becoming an actress, she was a model for Addyli Hair Care Product, founded by Addy Lee.
Lo Chi Kwan : Lo Chi Kwan (; born 18 March 1981 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional football player and the current assistant coach of Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern.
Lo Chi Kwan : Lo Chi Kwan scored a hat-trick in Kitchee's 6:0 win over Hong Kong Sapling on 25 September 2011.
Jaimie Alexander : Alexander stated that she was actually kicked out of theater when she was in high school because she could not sing, so she instead went into sports.
Jaimie Alexander : Jaimie Lauren Alexander (born Jaimie Lauren Tarbush; March 12, 1984) is an American actress.
Jaimie Alexander : When she was 17, she substituted for a friend at a meeting with a scouting agency and she met her manager, Randy James, who sent her some scripts.
Zhou Suhong : Zhou Suhong (; born 23 April 1979 in Changzing, Huzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese volleyball player, who was a member of the Chinese women's national team that won the gold medal at both the World Cup and the Athens Olympic Games.
Zhou Suhong : Zhou won the 2001 World Grand Champion Cup, the 2003 World Grand Prix, the 2003 World Cup and the 2004 Athens Olympic Games gold medal.
Winnie Hsin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Winnie Hsin : In 2014, Hsin released her first autobiography 《時間帶不走的天真》.
Winnie Hsin : In 2015, Hsin was part of panel of judges for 《橘子20華人星光大道》.
Winnie Hsin : In 2016, Hsin released her latest album 《Flow》 in commemorative of the 30th year of her music career.
Winnie Hsin : In 2007, Hsin endorsed one of Avon's ANEW Alternative beauty care products.
Winnie Hsin : On 30 May 2009, Hsin performed in the "Join, Love Club" concert held at the Hong Kong Coliseum.
Katrina Swett : In 2016, the International Center for Law and Religion Studies and J. Reuben Clark Law School of Brigham Young University presented Swett the "International Religious Liberty Award" in recognition of her outstanding contributions to the promotion and preservation of religious freedom.
Katrina Swett : Ann Kuster did go on to win the general election in the 2012 U.S. House of Representatives campaign.
Katrina Swett : She is also an American educator and the former chair of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom from 2012 to 2013, and then in 2014 to 2015.
Katrina Swett : She was a Congressional staffer, first as a legislative assistant and then as Deputy Counsel to the Criminal Justice Subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Katrina Swett : She ran unsuccessfully as the Democratic candidate for Congress in New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district during the 2002 United States midterm elections.
Katrina Swett : She ran in 2002 against Republican incumbent U.S. Representative Charles Bass and received less than 41% of vote, losing by 16%.
Katrina Swett : On January 14, 2010, Katrina Swett announced her candidacy for the Democratic Primary for Congress in New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district in the 2010 elections.
Katrina Swett : Her father, the late congressman Tom Lantos (D-CA), a survivor of the Holocaust, and her mother, Annette Tillemann Lantos, came to the United States from Hungary after World War II.
Katrina Swett : She earned a degree in Political Science there in 1974 at 18, and her Juris Doctor in 1976 from the University of California, Hastings College of Law.
Katrina Swett : She received financial support from her parents, Nancy Pelosi, John and Lisa Pritzker, a San Francisco Supervisor and her husband, Warren Hellman, Herbert Sandler and Marion Sandler, Steven Spielberg, Kate Capshaw, David Geffen, and other well known Californians.
Katrina Swett : On January 18, 2007, Katrina Swett announced her candidacy for the U.S. Senate in the 2008 elections in New Hampshire, in hopes of being the Democratic nominee to unseat incumbent Republican John E. Sununu.
Anita Tsoy : ("Это ли любовь?")
Anita Tsoy : and "Christmas Toys" ("Новогодние игрушки").
Anita Tsoy : She also works with such major charity companies as Save the Children and UNICEF.
Anita Tsoy : In 1998 Anita's second album was released, called "The Black Swan" ("Черный лебедь").
Anita Tsoy : In this album's tracks mostly guitar, electronic and percussion instruments take place and most songs are written in a pop-rock style.
Anita Tsoy : Anita Tsoy was appointed as an "Ambassador of Korean Culture and Tourism" between Russia and South Korea by South Korean president Roh Moo-hyun during his official visit to Russia in 2004.
Anita Tsoy : Notable songs from this record are: "Far Away"("Далеко") and "Return"("Возвращайтесь") The second one was remixed in 2009 and became a key – single for the singer's "To Remember so that Life Continues" ("Помнить, чтобы жизнь продолжалась") charity concert tour.
Anita Tsoy : Anita recorded 5 albums in total and won more than 10 major awards for both performing and charity during her 13-year career as a solo artist.
Anita Tsoy : After leaving school Tsoy attended the teacher training college, then law school at Moscow State University, where she met her husband Sergey Tsoy.
Anita Tsoy : Anita Tsoy ( ; born Anna Sergeyevna Kim; 7 February 1971, Moscow) is a Russian singer-songwriter of Korean descent.
Anita Tsoy : When Tsoy became an adult, her mother was branded a "class enemy" in the 1970s in response to her record of speaking out in support of Nobel Peace Prize-winning dissident Andrei Sakharov.
Anita Tsoy : She began violin lessons at a young age; she later studied piano, flute, and guitar.
Anita Tsoy : Both "ANITA" and "To The East" shows are considered to be one of the best live-performances in Russia and the recordings of these concerts were shown on Channel One, Muz-TV and other influentable Russian channels.
Anita Tsoy : Anita's mother was born in 1944 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union and successfully graduated from the Moscow State University and became a chemistry doctor.
Anita Tsoy : She began performing as a nearly rock artist in 1997, later turned to dance music, and after 2006 several music styles present in her songs: Viktor Tsoi's rock followed by blues, R&B, and Eastern styled pop
Anita Tsoy : It is filled inside out with hit singles: seven of eleven tracks were tuned on radios and two of them: the title song "To The East" ("На восток") and "The Sky" ("Небо") became very popular among Russian people; Anita won two "Golden Gramophone" statuettes for these singles: one in 2006 and the other one – in 2007 (The "To The East" ("На восток") single had been written a year earlier before the album was recorded).
Gil Young-ah : Gil Young-ah (born April 11, 1970 in Ansan, Gyeonggi-do) is a former female badminton player from South Korea.
Shim Eun-jung : Shim Eun-jung (born June 8, 1971) is a former female badminton player from South Korea.
Anne Hearst : Anne Randolph Hearst (born July 29, 1955) is an American socialite, philanthropist, and publishing heiress.
Tang Jiuhong : After her retirement Tang Jiuhong opened up a restaurant in her hometown of Hunan, and later also opened some branches in Beijing.
Tang Jiuhong : At the beginning of 2002, the Hunan Provincial Sports Bureau appointed Tang Jiuhong to the Yiyang City and she became the Chaoyang District deputy mayor, as a grass-roots testing exercise.
Tang Jiuhong : To prepare for the Olympic Games, her coach arranged a base in the Beijing Miyun Reservoir where she could be nursed for a month, but the subsequent training still affected her health.
Guan Weizhen : Guan Weizhen (; born June 15, 1964) is a retired Chinese badminton player who specialized in women's doubles.
Nong Qunhua : Nong was a member of world champion Chinese Uber Cup (women's international) teams in 1990 and 1992
Nong Qunhua : Nong Qunhua (; born July 20, 1966) is a former international badminton player from China who specialized in women's doubles.
Lin Yanfen : Lin and Yao were bronze medalists at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics and runners-up at the 1993 All Englands.
Amy Macdonald : The single, "This Is the Life" reached No.
Amy Macdonald : She appeared as a musical performing guest on British and foreign shows including "The Album Chart Show", "Loose Women", "Friday Night Project", "Taratata" (France), and "This Morning".
Amy Macdonald : In December 2008 she was voted "Scottish person of the year" by "The Daily Record".
Amy Macdonald : The album's track "Youth of Today" was chosen as the first single featured on Bebo/iTunes' "Free Single of the Week" program.
Amy Macdonald : Macdonald was engaged to footballer Steve Lovell in 2008, but did not marry.
Amy Macdonald : Wilkinson said he was "literally aghast" at her songwriting abilities when first he heard Macdonald play the songs "This Is the Life" and "Mr Rock n Roll".
Amy Macdonald : The album's third single "This Pretty Face" was released on 19 July 2010 after Macdonald confirmed she would embark on a tour entitled "The Love Love Tour".
Amy Macdonald : Also that year, she was one of a number of artists who recorded with Ray Davies on his 2010 album "See My Friends", in which she sang with him on "Dead End Street".
Amy Macdonald : He then spent around eight or nine months recording demos with Macdonald at his home studio with a view to securing a record deal for his new client.
Amy Macdonald : In 2010, Macdonald won "best album" for "A Curious Thing", at the annual Tartan Clef awards on 20 November in Glasgow.
Amy Macdonald : Macdonald performed, along with U2, at the German 2009 Echo Awards, where she won an award in the category "Best International Newcomer".
Amy Macdonald : Macdonald won Best Newcomer at the 2008 Tartan Clef Awards and Best Newcomer at the 2008 Silver Clef Awards.
Tochigi patricide case : In the incident, a victimized daughter, (born January 31, 1939) who had been sexually abused by her father for about 15 years, eventually killed him on October 5, 1968.
Tochigi patricide case : Justices typically accept mitigating circumstances in such incidents; Japanese laws at the time permitted two reductions in sentencing, each reduction half of the appropriate sentence, with life imprisonment reduced to a seven-year sentence when reduction is applicable.
Tiffany Tang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shin Eun-kyung : Shin Eun-kyung (born 15 February 1973) is a South Korean actress.
Tatiana Panova : After her retirement in 2006, she trained children at the Arthur Ashe youth tennis center in Philadelphia in 2008, along with many prominent tennis players.
Tatiana Panova : 2002 was the first year that Panova really jumped into the spotlight, reaching finals in Auckland and Sarasota early in the season.
Kim Campbell : In April 2014, Campbell was appointed the founding principal of the new Peter Lougheed Leadership College at the University of Alberta.
Kim Campbell : From 1999 to 2003, she chaired the Council of Women World Leaders, a network of women who hold or have held the office of president or prime minister.
Kim Campbell : Avril Phaedra Douglas "Kim" Campbell {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born March 10, 1947) is a Canadian politician, diplomat, lawyer and writer who served as the 19th prime minister of Canada from June 25 to November 4, 1993.
Esti Ginzburg : Esther Daphna "Esti" Ginzburg-Keizman ( ; born (1990--)6 1990 ) is an Israeli model, actress, and television host.
Li Lingwei : After retiring in 1989, Li entered the University of Hangzhou to transfer her skills from playing to coaching.
Li Lingwei : She is a representative of the Ninth National People's Congress, a member of the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People's Congress, and a member of the Tenth and Eleventh National People's Political Consultative Conference.
Li Lingwei : In December 2016, she was elected Vice President of the Chinese Olympic Committee.
Li Lingwei : In terms of honor in the badminton world, Li Lingwei was awarded the international badminton Distinguished Service Award called "Outstanding Achievement Award" by the International Badminton Federation in 1994; and was inducted into the Badminton Hall of Fame 4 years later in 1998.
Li Lingwei : In December 2010 Li Lingwei became the deputy director of the Network Management Center of the State Sports General Administration of China, replacing the retired Gao Shenyang.
Li Lingwei : Li Lingwei used to be the torchbearer of the 2004 Athens Olympic Games and the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
Li Lingwei : On May 12, 2002, when she was Chinese Badminton Association Vice-President, Li Ling Wei was elected as IBF member of Council, becoming one of only three women in the council.
Li Lingwei : In 1991 Li Ling Wei returned to China's national badminton team, serving as assistant coach of the national team and, starting in December 1994, as head coach of the women's team.
Li Lingwei : Li Lingwei was awarded the title of "Sports Elite" and "International Sports Elite" in 1980 and 1985 respectively, and was awarded the "Sports Medal of Honor" by the State Sports Commission seven times.
Jeannette Wing : She has also been a strong promoter of computational thinking, expressing the algorithmic problem-solving and abstraction techniques used by computer scientists and how they might be applied in other disciplines.
Jeannette Wing : Wing was on the faculty of the University of Southern California from 1982 to 1985 and then the faculty of Carnegie Mellon from 1985 to 2012.
Lương Bích Hữu : Lương Bích Hữu (born 1 September 1984) is a Chinese-Vietnamese actress and pop singer.
Hiroki Yagami : Yagami was born in Kashiwazaki, Niigata, Japan.
Hoyan Mok : Hoyan Mok began dating actor Alex Fong Chung-Sun in 1996.
Anne Wojcicki : Anne E. Wojcicki ( ; born July 28, 1973) is an American entrepreneur who co-founded and serves as CEO of the personal genomics company 23andMe.
Sirusho : She subsequently studied piano at the Sayat-Nova Music School and graduated Yerevan State University with excellence in international relations.
Sirusho : Sirusho was born in Yerevan, Soviet Armenia, on January 7, 1987, to actor and director Hrachya Harutyunyan, and Syuzan Margaryan, one of the most popular singers in Armenia in the 1980s-1990s.
Michelle Yim : Michelle Yim Wai-ling (; born September 2, 1955), also known by her stage name Mai Suet (), is a Hong Kong actress and elder sister of former actress Sidney Yim Shuet Lei ().
Kim Ah-joong : Kim Ah-joong (born October 16, 1982) is a South Korean actress, model and singer.
Birgit Õigemeel : Õigemeel represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden with the song "Et uus saaks alguse" ("So There Could Be a New Beginning"), qualifying from the first semi-final of the competition from 10th place, and placing 20th in the final, scoring 19 points.
Judi Silvano : Judi Silvano (born May 8, 1951) is a jazz singer and composer.
Bruna Tenório : She has walked the most important shows in the Paris, New York and Milan fashion seasons like Alexandre Herchcovitch, Chanel, Dolce & Gabbana, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Versace, Carolina Herrera, Christian Dior, Michael Kors and many others.
Futoshi Matsunaga : It was released by Netflix on October 11, 2019.
Angela Au : Angela Au Man-sze (born 25 January 1983) is a Hong Kong singer and radio disk/web jockey.
Angela Au : She entered a singing contest held by Yes!/EMI to enter Cookies, then left Cookies and entered Radio Television Hong Kong (RTHK radio 2) in 2003.
Fernanda Lima : One of three children – she has two brothers, Rodrigo and Rafael – of two professors of physical education, as a child, she showed interest in journalism and the art world, creating choreographies prepared at parties and family gatherings.
Fernanda Lima : As a model, in Brazil and abroad, she has been photographed for dozens of covers and fashion editorials in publications such as "L'Officiel", "I-D", "Nova", "Marie Claire", "Elle", "GQ", and "Trip", among others, and advertising campaigns for the Benetton Group in Italy.
Irene Ryder : Irene Ryder (; born 1949) was a popular Eurasian Hong Kong English pop singer and actress in Hong Kong during the 1960s.
Elizabeth II : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Elizabeth II : She had cataract surgery in May 2018.
Elizabeth II : Martin Charteris asked her to choose a regnal name; she chose to remain Elizabeth, "of course".
Elizabeth II : In 1991, in the wake of coalition victory in the Gulf War, the Queen became the first British monarch to address a joint meeting of the United States Congress.
Elizabeth II : Because of her age and the need for her to limit travelling, in 2013 she chose not to attend the biennial Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting for the first time in 40 years.
Elizabeth II : During the tour, in a broadcast to the British Commonwealth on her 21st birthday, she made the following pledge: "I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."
Elizabeth II : Elizabeth's coronation gown was embroidered on her instructions with the floral emblems of Commonwealth countries: English Tudor rose; Scots thistle; Welsh leek; Irish shamrock; Australian wattle; Canadian maple leaf; New Zealand silver fern; South African protea; lotus flowers for India and Ceylon; and Pakistan's wheat, cotton, and jute.
Dominika Cibulková : Dominika Cibulková (] ; born 6 May 1989) is a Slovak former professional tennis player.
Dominika Cibulková : Cibulková was introduced to tennis at the age of eight in Piešťany.
Dominika Cibulková : Early in her career, Cibulková predominantly competed on the ITF Women's Circuit, and managed to win two tournaments: the Amarante, Portugal event in 2005, and the Bratislava event in 2006.
Lil Mama : Niatia Jessica Kirkland (born October 4, 1989), better known by her stage name Lil Mama, is an American rapper, singer, actress and television personality from Brooklyn, New York and Harlem, New York.
Lil Mama : She moved back to Brooklyn and attended Edward R. Murrow High School until her Senior year where she continued her education through independent studies.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : Her political affiliations include the International Action Center, the National Women's Fightback Network, and the National Writers Union.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : She is the widow of author and activist Leslie Feinberg, who died in November 2014.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : Pratt is the author of "Crimes Against Nature" (1990), a book where she describes losing custody of her children because of her lesbianism.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : Pratt, along with lesbian writers Chrystos and Audre Lorde, received a Hellman/Hammett grant from the Fund for Free Expression to writers "who have been victimized by political persecution."
Minnie Bruce Pratt : She retired in 2015 from her position as Professor of Writing and Women’s Studies at Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York where she was invited to help develop the university’s first LGBT Study Program.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : Pratt has two sons from a prior marriage to poet Marvin E. Weaver II which ended in divorce in Fayetteville, North Carolina in 1975.
Minnie Bruce Pratt : from the University of Alabama (1968) and earned a Ph.D. in English literature from the University of North Carolina (1979).
Norodom Monineath : Monineath speaks Khmer, French, and English.
Norodom Monineath : The original plan was to evacuate only Sihanouk and Monineath, but Pol Pot himself insisted that all members of the royal house should be given a place on the Chinese plane.
Norodom Monineath : Her official, full title is "Samdech Preah Mahaksatrey Norodom Monineath Sihanouk" ( ).
Norodom Monineath : They lived together in 1952, and married officially, in 1955, as the "second consort" (Sihanouk married his official wife, Norodom Thavet Norleak, as the "first lady" in 1955, before married to Monineath).
Norodom Monineath : On 2 January 1996, the King elevated her to the rank of Samdech Preah Reach Akka Mohèsey Norodom Monineath.
Keiko Nishi : Matt Thorn described her in the mid-1990s as "one of the most popular and respected artists of her (twenty-something) generation."
Elaine Equi : Elaine Equi (born 1953) is an American poet.
Maia Mitchell : Her father, Alex, is a taxi driver while her mother, Jill, works in the education system.
Carli Lloyd : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Carli Lloyd : In 2013, Lloyd was inducted into the Rutgers Hall of Distinguished Alumni.
Carli Lloyd : She married him on November 4, 2016, in Puerto Morelos, Mexico.
Carli Lloyd : She is the only player (of either gender) in history to score the game-winning goal in two separate Olympic gold medal matches; her first occurred during the Beijing 2008 final against Brazil.
Carli Lloyd : Lloyd was featured along with her national teammates in the EA Sports' FIFA video game series in "FIFA 16", the first time women players were included in the game.
Carli Lloyd : After scoring her 46th international goal in the 13th minute of a friendly against New Zealand in October 2013, Lloyd became the highest-scoring midfielder in the team's history, passing Julie Foudy, who finished her career with 45 goals.
Carli Lloyd : Throughout 2007, Lloyd started 13 of the 23 matches in which she played.
Carli Lloyd : A tenacious, energetic, and hard-working player, she also is known for her control, technique, and passing accuracy, and is capable of aiding her team both defensively and offensively, due to her stamina, strength, and tackling, as well as her ability to get into good attacking positions, and either score goals or create chances for teammates.
Carli Lloyd : Lloyd captained the team during four of the team's matches, including the quarterfinal against China, semi-final against Germany and final against Japan and scored six goals during the tournament, finishing the tournament on a four-game goalscoring streak that spanned the knockout stage and that culminated in a hat trick in the game's opening 16 minutes during the final against Japan.
Chelsea Kane : Kane is the only child of John and Becky Staub.
Chelsea Kane : ", the pilot episode of "Summerland" and the 2004 direct-to-video film "Arizona Summer".
Alison Sudol : In 2008 it was released in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Poland.
Guinevere Kauffmann : Her areas of research interest include models of galaxy formation, analysis of observed properties of galaxies including their atomic and molecular gas, active galactic nuclei, and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
Guinevere Kauffmann : Kauffmann has coordinated a Marie Curie Research Training Network of the European Union that brought together researchers from all over Europe for interdisciplinary projects.
Guinevere Kauffmann : She obtained her Ph.D. in astronomy at the University of Cambridge in 1993, working with Simon White whom she later married.
Florinda Chan : She is fluent in various languages including Chinese, Portuguese, English and Italian.
Florinda Chan : Florinda da Rosa Silva Chan (陳麗敏) (1954–) the first Secretary for Administration and Justice in Macau.
Fátima Choi : She was an assistant researcher in Hong Kong Polytechnic University and Chinese University of Hong Kong from 1985 to 1986.
Carly Rae Jepsen : 2011, Jepsen recorded material for her second album with Josh Ramsay, Ryan Stewart, and Tavish Crow, her co-writer of "Call Me Maybe".
Louise Lake-Tack : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Louise Lake-Tack : She took office as Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda on 17 July 2007.
Louise Lake-Tack : Dame Louise Agnetha Lake-Tack (born 26 July 1944) is a former Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda.
Louise Lake-Tack : She was educated at Freetown Government School before attending the Antigua Girls High School in St. John's.
Nathalia Ramos : Nathalia Norah Ramos Cohen (born July 3, 1992) is an American actress known for her portrayals of Yasmin in the 2007 film "Bratz", Jill in the 2013 film "The Damned", and lead character Nina Martin in the 2011 Nickelodeon television series "House of Anubis".
Son Dam-bi : Son's contract with Pledis Entertainment ended in June 2015, it was soon announced that Son had signed with KeyEast for her future activities.
Son Dam-bi : Son Dam-bi (Korean:  ; born September 25, 1983) is a South Korean singer, actress and entertainer.
Ticão : Carlos Augusto Bertoldi (; born February 7, 1985 in Curitiba), known simply as Ticão, is a Brazilian professional footballer who is currently a free agent.
Lara Stone : She was discovered in the Paris Metro while on holiday with her family when she was 12 and took part in the Elite Model Look competition in 1999 when she was 15.
Lara Stone : They were married at London's Claridge's hotel on 16 May 2010.
Go Hyun-jung : Go Hyun-jung (; born March 2, 1971) is a South Korean actress.
Go Hyun-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kayi Cheung : Kayi Cheung (; Pinyin: Zhāng Jiā'ér; Yale: Jeung1 Ga1 Yi4, born on 18 November 1983) is a Hong Kong model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Hong Kong 2007 and 1st Runner-up of the Miss Chinese International 2008.
Vladimíra Uhlířová : Vladimíra Uhlířová (born 4 May 1978) is a retired Czech tennis player.
Colbie Caillat : During 2018, Caillat formed a band called Gone West with her fiancé Justin Young, longtime collaborator Jason Reeves, and his wife Nelly Joy.
Renato Silva : Renato Assis da Silva (born July 26, 1983 in Colinas do Tocantins) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a central defender.
Teresa Cheng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amy Hung : Amy Hung (; Wade-Giles: Hung Chih-Huei; born 7 March 1980) is a professional golfer on the LPGA Tour.
Choi Chi-sum : Choi was baptized in 1978 and graduated from Hong Kong Baptist University in 1982.
Choi Chi-sum : Choi is the General Secretary of the Christian Conservative Society For Truth And Light and has been vice-chairperson of the China Holiness Church in Hong Kong since 1998.
Geraldo Magela : Geraldo Magela da Cruz Quintão (born 1 July 1935) is a Brazilian politician.
Angelique Kerber : Angelique Kerber (] ; born 18 January 1988) is a German professional tennis player.
Sara Errani : 33.
Sara Errani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sara Errani : Sara Errani (] ; born 29 April 1987) is a professional tennis player from Italy.
Gillian Flynn : Flynn married lawyer Brett Nolan in 2007.
Gillian Flynn : After graduating from Northwestern, Flynn worked freelance briefly at "U.S. News & World Report" before being hired as a feature writer in 1998 at "Entertainment Weekly".
Gillian Flynn : Both of her parents were professors at Metropolitan Community College–Penn Valley: her mother, Judith Ann (née Schieber), was a reading-comprehension professor, and her father, Edwin Matthew Flynn, was a film professor.
Demi Lovato : In October 2010, she served as spokeswoman for the anti-bullying organization PACER and appeared on "America's Next Top Model" to speak out against bullying.
Demi Lovato : In May 2013, she was cited for her dedication to mentoring teens and young adults with mental-health problems at a National Children's Mental Health Awareness Day hosted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in Washington.
Tiago Prado : Tiago Prado Nogueira (born 3 May 1984), or simply Tiago Prado, is a Brazilian football defender.
Alice Burdeu : She has walked in runway shows for designers including Louis Vuitton, Alexander McQueen, Dolce & Gabbana, Marc Jacobs, Christian Lacroix, Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, Jil Sander, Lanvin, Céline, Lacoste, Shiatzy Chen, Sonia Rykiel and Alex Perry.
Nobuyo Ōyama : It was reported on May 13, 2015 that Ōyama was living with dementia, putting any future work on hold.
Adiel de Oliveira Amorim : Adiel de Oliveira Amorim, or simply Adiel (born 13 August 1980), is a Brazilian midfielder.
Ye Li : Ye gave birth to their daughter Yao Qinlei (whose English name is Amy) in Houston, Texas on May 21, 2010.
Bel Powley : In 2013, Powley was joining the cast of the ITV series "Benidorm" for series six.
Bel Powley : In an interview in 2013, Powley said she had a spot reserved to study history at the University of Manchester.
Bel Powley : Isobel Dorothy Powley (born 7 March 1992) is an English actress.
Bel Powley : Powley was born in the Hammersmith borough of London, England, to British actor Mark Powley and casting director Janis Jaffa.
Bel Powley : Powley has also appeared in several other productions such as "Murderland" (three episodes, 2009), "Little Dorrit" (2008), "The Bill" (2008) and "The Whistleblowers" (2007).
Bel Powley : In October 2011, she once again appeared at the Royal Court as Tilly in "Jumpy", a role to which she returned in the West End transfer of "Jumpy" to the Duke of York's Theatre in August 2012.
Li Yanfeng : Li Yanfeng (, born May 15, 1979) is a Chinese discus thrower.
FanFan : She dated basketball-player-turned-entertainer Blackie Chen for ten years before he proposed on February 17, 2010 during a National Basketball Association game between the New Jersey Nets and the Miami Heat in Izod Center.
FanFan : Christine Fan (born March 18, 1976), better known by her stage name FanFan or her Chinese name Fan Wei-chi, is a Taiwanese-American singer-songwriter, TV presenter, record producer, actress, author and philanthropist.
Adelaide Clemens : Her father's career meant she lived as a child in Japan, France to the age of 6, Hong Kong to the age of 12, where she attended the Hong Kong International School.
Adelaide Clemens : Clemens was seen in the MTV Networks Australia dramatic film, "Dream Life" (2008), and had small roles in the television series "All Saints" and the film "", in 2009.
Cheryl Strayed : Cheryl Strayed ( ; née Nyland; born September 17, 1968) is an American memoirist, novelist, essayist and podcast host.
Fusako Kuramochi : Her manga "Tennen Kokekkō" received the 1996 Kodansha Manga Award for manga, and was adapted as a live-action movie in 2007.
Fusako Kuramochi : Her manga "Hana ni Somu" won the Grand Prize category of the 21st Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2017.
Lucy Boynton : Lucy Boynton (born 17 January 1994) is a British-American actress.
Lucy Boynton : Boynton stated that the first day of filming was "the best day of [her] life".
Isgaard : Isgaard Marke (born 1972 in Husum, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) is a classically trained singer, who is also involved with the project Classic meets Pop.
Isgaard : She appeared on the German band Schiller's hit album "Weltreise" performing lead vocal on "Ein schöner Tag" which gained success in the German singles chart and she toured with Schiller.
Isabel dos Santos : Isabel dos Santos was born in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, the eldest daughter of Angola's former President José Eduardo dos Santos and his first wife, the Russian-born Tatiana Kukanova, whom he met while studying in the then Soviet republic of Azerbaijan.
Jennifer Lawrence : Between her acting jobs in the city, she made regular visits to Louisville, where she served as an assistant nurse at her mother's camp.
Jennifer Lawrence : In 2018, she began a relationship with Cooke Maroney, an art gallery director, and they became engaged in February 2019.
Liang Yan : Liang Yan (simplified Chinese: 梁艳, born October 4, 1961) is a Chinese volleyball player, who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Liang Yan : She is the only player to win all 5 straight major titles for China women's national volleyball team, during 1981-1986.
Yang Xilan : Yang Xilan (; born March 16, 1961) is a Chinese volleyball player.
Lee Jae-joung : Lee Jae-joung (born March 1, 1944) is the Unification Minister of South Korea.
Denisa Chládková : Denisa Chládková (born 8 February 1979) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
Denisa Chládková : During her career, she earned US$1,343,285 and has wins over Lindsay Davenport, Barbara Schett, Anke Huber, Chanda Rubin, Silvia Farina Elia, Tamarine Tanasugarn and Magdalena Maleeva.
Denisa Chládková : Chládková did not win any WTA titles, but she is probably best remembered for reaching the Wimbledon quarterfinals in 1997, playing in only her third Grand Slam main draw.
Uyunqimg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Uyunqimg : In August 2000 she became the Vice party chief of the Inner Mongolian CPC Committee, and the Vice Chairman and Acting Chairman of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, the first woman to take the position, and the second woman in the history of the People's Republic to become a provincial-level head of government (after Gu Xiulian).
Susan Kiefel : Susan Mary Kiefel {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 17 January 1954) is the Chief Justice of Australia, in office since 30 January 2017.
Halina Tam : Halina married her boyfriend Eric Choi on 11 September 2007.
Halina Tam : She opened her first craft supplies store in 2013 and continued with a small snack shop in Causeway Bay in March 2014.
Yiyun Li : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yiyun Li : Her mother was a teacher and her father worked as a nuclear physicist.
Yiyun Li : Her short stories and novels have won several awards, including the PEN/Hemingway Award and Guardian First Book Award for "A Thousand Years of Good Prayers", and the 2020 PEN/Jean Stein Book Award for "Where Reasons End".
Jane Shepard : Other awards include the Frank Pisco Playwrighting Commission (2007); the Robert Chesley Award (2005); the Berrilla Kerr Playwrighting Award (2003); the Jane Chambers Award (2001) for COMMENCING; New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowships in both playwrighting and screenwriting (1996, 2002); and a Writer's Guild Foundation Fellowship (1985).
Cecilia Yip : Cecilia Yip Tung (; born 8 March 1962) is a Hong Kong actress whose work is known throughout Asia, especially in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Cecilia Yip : In addition to film, Yip has expanded her acting to television and was nominated for the 30th Taiwan Golden Bell Best Actress Award for her performance in the 1993 television series "The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber".
John Bettany : John William Bettany (born 16 December 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a wing half for Huddersfield Town, Barnsley and Rotherham United in the 1960s and 1970s.
Ji Dandi : On December 29, 2015, she changed her name from Ji Minjia to Ji Dandi.
Ji Dandi : In the following 2005 season, she finished first in the Hangzhou qualification round and fifth overall in the national results.
Zeng Jinyan : and selected as TIME Magazine's 100 People Who Shape Our World in 2007 as a hero and a pioneer.
Nao Matsushita : Winning Japan's Elite Model Look started her modeling career in earnest.
Nao Matsushita : Nao was born in Ikoma, Nara on 8 February 1985 and grew up in Kawanishi, Hyōgo.
Qu Ying : Joie Qu Ying (; born July 2, 1971 in Changsha, Hunan) is a Chinese model and actress.
Timea Bacsinszky : At the Summer Olympics, Bacsinszky suffered a shocking first round loss to China's Zhang Shuai; however, partnering with Martina Hingis for the first time ever in the doubles tournament, Bacsinszky earned her first Olympic medal, as they beat Daria Gavrilova/Samantha Stosur of Australia, Bethanie Mattek-Sands/CoCo Vandeweghe of the United States, Chan Hao-ching/Chan Yung-jan of Taipei and Andrea Hlaváčková/Lucie Hradecká of Czech Republic en route to the final where the pair lost to Ekaterina Makarova/Elena Vesnina of Russia.
Nadieżda Zięba : Nadieżda Zięba, born Kostiuczyk, (born May 21, 1984 in Brest, Byelorussian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Polish badminton player of Belarusian origin.
Nadieżda Zięba : Kostiuczyk played the 2007 BWF World Championships in mixed doubles with Robert Mateusiak.
Du Jing : Du Jing (; born 23 June 1984) is a former Chinese badminton player from Anshan, Liaoning.
Li Zhuo : Li Zhuo (; born December 4, 1981 in Tieling, Liaoning) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Chen Yanqing : Chen Yanqing (; born May 4, 1979) is a Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Liu Chunhong : Liu Chunhong (; born January 29, 1983 in Yantai, Shandong) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Maria Kristin Yulianti : Maria Kristin Yulianti (born June 25, 1985) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
Sun Fuming : Sun Fuming (; born April 14, 1974 in Xifeng, Tieling, Liaoning) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Kamila Augustyn : Kamila Anna Augustyn (born 14 January 1982 in Słupsk) is a Polish badminton player from Piasta Słupsk club.
Kamila Augustyn : She competed at the 2008 Beijing and 2012 London Summer Olympics in the women's singles event.
Judith Meulendijks : Judith Meulendijks (born 26 September 1978, Helmond) is a former badminton player from the Netherlands.
Adriyanti Firdasari : Adrianti Firdasari (born 16 December 1986) is a retired Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta club.
Adriyanti Firdasari : Firdasari played the 2007 BWF World Championships in women's singles, and was defeated in the second round by Xu Huaiwen of Germany, 21–17, 22–20.
Xian Dongmei : Xian Dongmei (; born September 15, 1975 in Sihui, Zhaoqing, Guangdong) is a female Chinese Judo who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Mohd Zakry Abdul Latif : They were seeded #7 and were defeated in the second round by Guo Zhendong and Xie Zhongbo, of China, 21-14, 21-13.
Mohd Fairuzizuan Mohd Tazari : They were seeded #7 and were defeated in the second round by Guo Zhendong and Xie Zhongbo, of China, 21-14, 21-13.
Qin Dongya : Qin Dongya (; born July 8, 1978 in Liaoyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Pan Xiaoting : Pan is a friendly rival of fellow Asian WPBA player Kim Ga-young; the two met in the finals of the 2007 Carolina Women's Billiard Classic, with Kim prevailing 7 to 6 in the WPBA's first all-Asian championship match.
Jang Ji-won : Jang Ji-won (born August 30, 1979) is a South Korean Taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Minarti Timur : Minarti Timur (; 24 March 1968) is a former Chinese-Indonesian badminton player who is affiliated with PB Djarum since 1987.
Minarti Timur : After retired from the national team, she moved to Philippines in 2003, and started a new career as a coach at the Philippines national badminton team.
Minarti Timur : These included the Thailand (1994, 1996), Indonesia (1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999), Singapore (1995, 1998), Malaysia (1996, 1998, 2000), and Japan (2001) Opens; the Southeast Asian Games (1995); the World Badminton Grand Prix (1995); the Badminton World Cup (1996); and the Asian Championships (2000).
David Navas : David Navas Chica (born June 10, 1974 in Ávila) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
Fransisca Ratnasari : Fransisca Ratnasari Hari Saputra (born 2 October 1986) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
K. Juno : K. Juno is a rock singer and songwriter from Japan.
K. Juno : As a vocalist, Juno sings like a 1980s hard rock singer, while she writes rather 1970s rock flavored music.
Kim Cha-youn : Kim Cha-Youn (born February 10, 1981) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Lee Gong-joo : Lee Gong-Joo (born March 25, 1980) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Moon Pil-hee : Moon Pil-Hee (born December 2, 1982) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Woo Sun-hee : Woo Sun-Hee (hangul: 우선희, hanja: 禹仙姬) (born 1 July 1978) is a former female South Korean handball player.
Kim Hyun-ok : Kim Hyun-Ok (born May 14, 1974) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Moon Kyeong-ha : Moon Kyeong-Ha (born May 29, 1980) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Xiao Yanling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xiao Yanling : She won the gold medal at the 1991 Summer Universiade and the bronze medal at the 1998 Asian Championships.
Li Qiumei : Li Qiumei (; born September 26, 1974) is a retired female Chinese discus thrower.
Huh Soon-young : Huh Soon-Young (born September 28, 1975 in Busan) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Lee Sang-eun : Lee Sang-Eun (born March 5, 1975) is a former South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996, 2000, and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Oh Yong-ran : Oh Yong-Ran (born 6 September 1972) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996, 2000, and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Chen Zhong : Chen was born on 22 November 1982 in Jiaozuo, Henan, People's Republic of China.
Chen Zhong : At the quarter-finals of the women's heavyweight taekwondo competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Chen fought Sarah Stevenson from Great Britain and was declared the winner, but British officials protested.
Luo Wei : Luo Wei (; born May 23, 1983 in Beijing) is a female Chinese taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Luo Wei : She won the gold medal in the women's under 67 kg taekwondo competition.
Serdar Özkan : Serdar Özkan (born 1 January 1987) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bursaspor.
Angela Pan : Angela Pan Yin-tze (born 5 June 1949) or Violet Pan Ying Zi is a Hong Kong actress who starred in numerous films and soap operas in the 1970s–1980s.
Du Li : Du Li (; born 5 March 1982 in Yiyuan, Zibo, Shandong) is a female Chinese sport shooter who was a gold medalist at the 2004 Olympics and the 2008 Olympics; she has also won titles at World Cup, World Championships and the Asian Games.
Wang Chengyi : Wang Chengyi (; born July 17, 1983 in Xiangshan County, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tang Wei : In August 2016, Tang gave birth to their daughter, Summer.
Tang Wei : Tang was born in Wenzhou, Zhejiang and was raised in Hangzhou, Zhejiang.
Huang Shanshan : Huang Shanshan (; born January 18, 1986 in Fujian) is a female Chinese trampoline gymnast who won Bronze in the individual competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Yin Jian : Yin Jian (; born December 25, 1978 in Xichang, Liangshan, Sichuan) is a double Olympic medal winning Chinese sailor, in women's windsurfing.
Adele : Adele has performed in numerous charity concerts throughout her career.
Adele : On the topic of becoming a parent, Adele said she "felt like I was truly living.
Adele : "Set Fire to the Rain" became Adele's third number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100, as Adele became the first artist ever to have an album, "21," hold the number-one position on the "Billboard" 200 concurrently with three number-one singles.
Hanayo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Pang Jiaying : Pang Jiaying (; born January 6, 1985 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese freestyle swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yang Lan : Yang started out with several local TV stations, but from 1990 joined China Central Television to produce a program called the "Zheng Da Variety Show".
Yang Lan : From 1986 to 1990, she studied at the Beijing Foreign Studies University and received her bachelor's degree in English Language and Literature.
Yang Lan : Her guests have included Sophie Marceau, Bill Clinton, Elon Musk, Henry Kissinger, Lee Kuan Yew, Jack Welch, Andrew L. Webber, Tan Dun, Nicole Kidman, Jackie Chan, Kobe Bryant, Hugh Jackman, and Michael Phelps.
Sawako Agawa : Sawako Agawa was born in Tokyo on 1 November 1953.
Sawako Agawa : After graduation from Toyo Eiwa junior high school and high school (private all-girls school, Christian school located in Minato, Tokyo), Agawa graduated from Keio University with the Bachelor of Letters degree in Western Historiography.
Niu Jianfeng : Niu Jianfeng (; born on April 3, 1981 in Baoding, Hebei) is a Chinese table tennis player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Julia Görges : Julia Görges (born 2 November 1988) is a German former professional tennis player.
Julia Görges : In 2006 and 2007 she continued to play mostly ITF tournaments.
An Zhongxin : An Zhongxin (; born June 29, 1971 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese softball player.
Chen Qiuqi : Chen Qiuqi (; born July 4, 1980 in Mei County (now Meixian District), Guangdong) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Gao Lihua : Gao Lihua (; born October 31, 1979 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and won a silver medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ma Yibo : Ma Yibo (; born August 8, 1980 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Yimeng : Zhang Yimeng (; born October 22, 1983 in Meishan, Sichuan) is a Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Chen Zhaoxia : Chen Zhaoxia (; born April 25, 1975 in Guanghan, Deyang, Sichuan) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Andrea Petkovic : 1, Caroline Wozniacki.
Andrea Petkovic : Apart from tennis, she likes to educate herself by reading; her favourite authors are Goethe and Wilde.
Andrea Petkovic : Petkovic first took to the tennis courts when she was six; her father Zoran Petković, former Yugoslav tennis player and member of the Yugoslavia Davis Cup team, was a coach at a club in Darmstadt at the time.
Andrea Petkovic : Petkovic turned professional in 2006 after she finished school, but she had already won four titles on the ITF Circuit.
Jiang Yu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jiang Yu : Jiang Yu (; born 1964) is the current Chinese ambassadress to Tirana, from 2006 to 2012 she was Spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China.
Jiang Yu : A native of Beijing, she has been working for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for over twenty years and she had been posted around the world, including the United Nations Headquarters in New York City and the Xinhua News Agency in Hong Kong.
Liu Jiren : Liu Jiren () is the chairman and CEO of Neusoft Group, a large software company in China.
Sun Laimiao : Sun Laimiao (; born April 8, 1981 in Chuzhou, Anhui) is a female Chinese handball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Wang Shasha : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Han Duan : Duan announced her retirement from international soccer, in September 2011, after China failed to qualify for 2012 London Olympics.
Han Duan : Han Duan (; born 15 June 1983 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football forward who last played for Los Angeles Sol of Women's Professional Soccer and was a member of the Chinese National Team.
Ren Liping : Ren Liping (; born October 21, 1978 in Beijing) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Teng Wei : Teng Wei (; born May 21, 1974 in Changchun, Jilin) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Teng Wei : In 2004, she finished ninth with the Chinese team in the women's tournament.
Li I-ching : Li has been performing in music festivals as a soloist, concertmasters, and orchestra section members all over the world, including Tanglewood Music Festival, Pacific Music Festival, Sarasota Music Festival, Summit Music Festival, Scheleswig-Holstein Orchestral Academy, Banff Music Festival, and many others.
Claire Keegan : Claire Keegan (born 1968) is an Irish writer known for her award-winning short stories.
Yin Lili : Yin Lili (born 11 November 1979) is a female Chinese middle-distance runner.
Yin Lili : At the 1998 World Junior Championships she won both the 3000 and the 5000 metres.
Yin Lili : Yin never had a distinguished career after this, rarely competing internationally.
Liu Ailing : Liu Ailing (; born June 2, 1967) is a Chinese former footballer who played for the China national team at the 1991, 1995 and 1999 editions of the FIFA Women's World Cup.
Wen Lirong : Wen Lirong (; born October 2, 1969) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Christel Takigawa : She gave birth to a son on 17 January 2020.
Christel Takigawa : Takigawa appeared as a newscaster on the Japanese news TV programme "FNN News Japan" between 2002 and September 2009 and appeared on "Shin Hōdō Premier A", between April 2007 and June 2008.
Christel Takigawa : Takigawa announced on 7 August 2019, that she had married Shinjiro Koizumi, the second son of former Japanese premier Junichirō Koizumi.
Christel Takigawa : Takigawa gave a presentation to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in Buenos Aires in 2013, in English and in French, inviting the IOC to hold the Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Susan Whetnall : She was elected to the Badminton Hall of Fame in 2009.
Babett Peter : Babett Peter (born 12 May 1988) is a German footballer.
Melanie Behringer : Melanie Behringer (born 18 November 1985) is a German footballer who played as a midfielder for Bayern Munich.
Melanie Behringer : In 2004, Behringer was runner-up with Germany at the 2004 UEFA Women's U-19 Championship and later that year won the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship.
Simone Laudehr : Simone Laudehr (born 12 July 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a central midfielder or winger for Bayern Munich.
Simone Laudehr : She extended her contract until the 2016–17 season on 21 April 2015.
Tamayo Marukawa : She was named to the post a second time by Yoshihide Suga on 18 February 2021 to replace fellow LDP lawmaker and former Olympian Seiko Hashimoto, who had resigned from her Cabinet post in order to take over as President of the Tokyo 2020 Organizing Committee.
Tamayo Marukawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kate Nash : On 20 February 2008 Nash received a Brit Award for Best Female Artist.
Kate Nash : Prior to finding success, she worked in a River Island shop and a Nando's restaurant.
Kate Nash : She attended the BRIT School and originally wanted to study acting, but turned to music after she was rejected from several drama colleges and universities, including the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
Madeleine Herren : January 1956 in Bern) is a Swiss historian.
Madeleine Herren : She wrote her licentiate about "Aspekte cisleithanischer Sozialpolitik" ("Aspects of the Cisleithanian Social Policy") and in 1989 her dissertation about "Internationale Sozialpolitik vor dem Ersten Weltkrieg aus der Perspektive der Dritten Französischen Republik" ("International pre-World War I Social Policy from the perspective of the French Third Republic").
Madeleine Herren : In 1997 she was promoted to professor with "Hintertüren zur Macht - Internationalismus und modernisierungsorientierte Außenpolitik in Belgien, der Schweiz und den USA 1865-1914" (Internationalism and modernized foreign policy in Belgium, Switzerland and the United States 1865-1914).
Constance Wu : In summer 2020, Wu gave birth to her first child, a girl, with her partner Ryan Kattner.
Franck Dumoulin : Franck Dumoulin (born May 13, 1973 in Denain) is a pistol shooter from Bordeaux, France.
Taismary Agüero : In 2000, she was a member of the Cuban Woman volleyball national team that won the gold medal at the Sydney.
Cristiane Rozeira : In February 2008, she signed a five-month contract until the Summer Olympics with the Swedish Damallsvenskan club Linköpings FC.
Zoë Kravitz : She fronted the New York/Philadelphia-based band Elevator Fight, which she formed in 2009.
Verawaty Fadjrin : Verawaty Fadjrin (née Wiharjo ; born 1 October 1957), is a former badminton player who won international titles spanning from the late 1970s to the end of the 1980s.
Verawaty Fadjrin : During a relatively brief period as a regular singles competitor, Verawaty won the 1980 IBF World Championships in Jakarta over fellow countrywoman Ivana Lie.
Verawaty Fadjrin : Together, they won the Asian Games (1978), the Danish Open (1979), the Canadian Open (1979), the All England (1979), and the Southeast Asian Games (1981).
Kuan Bi-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kuan Bi-ling : Kuan won the 2008 Republic of China legislative election held on 12 January 2008 representing Constituency 2 of Kaohsiung City.
Kuan Bi-ling : Kuan has been a national legislator since 2005, having won three consecutive elections, including the highly competitive 2008 legislative election after the introduction of the single-member district system which halved the total seats from 225 to 113.
Joyce Murray : A March 2013 report showed Murray in third place having raised $169,000.
Jin Di : Jin Di (; born 15 December 1978 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed in Olympic skeet at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gwei Lun-mei : Set partly against the Taiwan's martial law period (1949–87) and partly against the newfound freedom that the once-oppressed protagonists are struggling to cope with, the film charts the tortured emotional lives of its three characters, played by Gwei, Joseph Chang and Rhydian Vaughan, over the decades.
Hannah Jeter : Davis appeared on two individual covers for the Italian magazine "D" in 2006, Mexico's "Elle" in August 2009, France's "FHM" in September 2012 and South Africa's "FHM" in April 2013.
Hannah Jeter : She modeled for Victoria's Secret as well as American Eagle Outfitters, Tommy Hilfiger, and Levi's.
Hannah Jeter : Hannah Jeter ("née" Davis; born May 5, 1990) is a U.S. Virgin Islands born model and television host best known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", including the cover of the 2015 edition.
Hannah Jeter : She stated that the best part of growing up there was "the friendly people, great weather and waking up to the sound of the waves on the beach".
Hannah Jeter : Professionally, Davis appeared in campaigns for Ralph Lauren, Blue Label and walked in their 2006 Spring/Summer runway show.
Trish Regan : Regan joined Fox News and Fox Business Network in 2015, serving as anchor for "The Intelligence Report with Trish Regan" weekdays.
Trish Regan : Regan went on to study voice in Graz, Austria, and at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston before enrolling at Columbia University.
Trish Regan : After her remarks were criticized in the US and Danish press, Regan attempted to clarify her remarks, saying: "Just to be clear, I was never implying that conditions in Denmark were similar in any way to the current tragedy on the ground there in Venezuela".
Trish Regan : Regan was nominated for a Best Documentary Emmy Award while also earning a Gerald Loeb nomination for her documentary work on "Against the Tide: The Battle for New Orleans" – an investigative piece on the New Orleans levee system, after Hurricane Katrina.
Trish Regan : Regan got her start in 2001 at CBS MarketWatch, then owned partially by CBS News, where she was a business correspondent reporting for the CBS Evening News through 2007.
Trish Regan : Regan was previously a television host on Bloomberg Television from 2012 to 2015, and a host at CNBC from 2007 to 2012.
Trish Regan : Regan also said "nobody graduates from school" because the government "pays" students to go to school; according to "The Washington Post", while direct comparisons are difficult, less than 60% of US college students finish in six years, whereas in Denmark 79% of undergraduates finish their coursework.
Abigail Breslin : She was cast at the age of six, years before filming was started.
Abigail Breslin : Abigail Kathleen Breslin (born April 14, 1996) is an American actress and singer.
Maggie Hassan : After graduating from law school in 1985, Hassan worked at the law firm Palmer and Dodge.
Maggie Hassan : Margaret Coldwell Hassan ( ; née Wood; born February 27, 1958) is an American politician and attorney serving as the junior United States Senator from New Hampshire.
Colleen Lee : Colleen Lee Ka-ling ( ; born 11 October 1980) is a Hong Kong pianist who won the 6th place prize in the 15th International Frederic Chopin Piano Competition in 2005.
Colleen Lee : Also, she was one of the artists presented in the acclaimed Outstanding Young Chinese Musicians Series (2006), and was also one of the ten outstanding Hong Kong musicians featured in the CD and programme "Gifted" presented by RTHK 4 to celebrate the 10th years of the Establishment of the Hong Kong SAR.
Liu Yandong : Liu is married.
Liu Yandong : Liu is married.
Liu Yandong : Liu is married.
Liu Yandong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tatyana Golikova : Golikova is married to Viktor Khristenko, the former Minister of Industry and Trade.
Tatyana Golikova : She moved on to hold the post of Chief Economist in the State Budget Department at the Finance Ministry from 1992 to 1995 and was then Deputy Head of State Budget Department at the Finance Ministry from 1995 to 1998.
Tatyana Golikova : From 2007 to 2012, she served as the Minister of Health and Social Development and Chairwoman of the Account Chamber of Russia from 2013 to 2018.
Masashi Ishibashi : ) was a Japanese politician and chairman of the Japan Socialist Party.
Masashi Ishibashi : Masashi Ishibashi (石橋 政嗣 "Ishibashi Masashi", October 6, 1924 – December 9, 2019
Simone Bacciocchi : Simone Bacciocchi (born 22 January 1977) is a Sammarinese footballer who formerly played for Sporting Novafeltria and numerous other clubs in San Marino.
Tao Luna : Tao Luna (; born February 11, 1974 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zhao Yinghui : Zhao Yinghui (; born October 20, 1981 in Shijiazhuang, Hebei) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in 10 metre air rifle at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Wu Liuxi : Wu Liuxi (; born December 16, 1984) is a Chinese female sport shooter.
Susan Arnold : Susan Arnold (born 1954) is an American businesswoman.
Susan Arnold : Susan E. Arnold graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and from the University of Pittsburgh with a Master of Business Administration degree.
Susan Arnold : She was listed multiple times on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful Women and in 2005 she was #16 on "Forbes"' The World's 100 Most Powerful Women list.
Yōko Kamikawa : Born in the city of Shizuoka in Shizuoka Prefecture, she graduated from the University of Tokyo in 1977.
Yōko Kamikawa : During her time in office, Kamikawa ordered sixteen executions, the highest among justice ministers since 1993.
Hoang Thanh Trang : Hoàng Thanh Trang (born 25 April 1980) is a Vietnamese-born Hungarian chess grandmaster.
Eiko Segawa : Segawa is as tall as 168 cm height, comparatively taller than most female singers in Japan.
The Royal Court : The Royal Court is a music production team formed by producer Timbaland and Solomon "King" Logan.
Bondy Chiu : Bondy Chiu Hok-yee (; born 31 March 1972 in Hong Kong) is an actress and singer in Hong Kong.
Bondy Chiu : She is best known for her role as Lam Yuk-lo in the long-running TVB series "Virtues of Harmony".
Bondy Chiu : On 10 December 2008, her new album titled "Ting" (Chinese word means "listen") was released after a long break from the music industry.
Kyung-hee Hong : Born in Seoul, she holds an MFA degree in metal craft and teaches at the College of Fine Art and Design of Hongik University in Seoul, South Korea.
Kyung-hee Hong : Her sculpture was included in the exhibit "One of a Kind: The Studio Craft Movement" at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City from December 22, 2006 to September 3, 2007.
Tania Sachdev : Tania Sachdev (born 20 August 1986) is an Indian chess player, who holds the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).
Fuyuko Matsui : Through the process of self-investigation, she found her works universal to all living beings—life and death, sex, self-love, self-mutilation, self and the other, this world and the next, desire and passions.
Fuyuko Matsui : Her "New Kusozu" series was inspired by the traditional painting genre of , but also founded honestly on the reality of being a human being and a woman in the world today, transcending a mere adaptation of a classical theme and truly realizes a contemporary Kusozu sequence.
Fuyuko Matsui : She had four group exhibitions in 2006 in Museum of Contemporary Art in Tokyo, Yokohama Museum of Art in Kanagawa, Tokyo University of the Arts and Music, and the Sato Museum of Art in Tokyo.
Nansun Shi : In August 2014, at the 67th Locarno Film Festival, Nansun was awarded its Best Independent Producer Award.
Lisa Ann : Ann announced her comeback to the adult industry in 2018 and signed with Evil Angel.
Lisa Ann : In December 2009, it was announced that Ann had signed on to be the spokeswoman for RealTouch, a mechanized artificial vagina produced by AEBN.
Xu Demei : Xu Demei (; born May 23, 1967 in Zhejiang) is a former track and field athlete from PR China, who competed for her native country in the women's javelin throw event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Yasukazu Hamada :  Media related to
Yasukazu Hamada : Director-General, International Bureau, LDP,Budget Committee Chairman in State.
Yasukazu Hamada : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kathrine Switzer : Since 1967, she has worked to improve running opportunities for women in different parts of the world.
Kathrine Switzer : She released her memoir, "Marathon Woman", in April 2007, on the 40th anniversary of her first running of the Boston Marathon.
Kathrine Switzer : Kathrine Virginia Switzer (born January 5, 1947, in Amberg, Germany) is an American marathon runner, author, and television commentator.
Jeong Bo-seok : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Shaw-lan : Wang Shaw-lan (; born 1941) is a Taiwanese businesswoman who serves as the publisher of the United Daily News and the publishing-ceased Min Sheng Bao in Taiwan.
Wang Shaw-lan : In 1947, her father Wang Tiwu, a colonel in the army of Chiang Kai-shek, traveled to Taiwan and founded the newspaper United Daily News, in 1951.
Wilde Oscar : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wilde Oscar : Wilde Oscar (born 8 April 1967 in Burnham, Buckinghamshire, England) is an English retired pornographic film actor.
Myung Se-bin : A textile graduate from Dongduk Women's University, Myung was spotted in 1996 at a department store in Seoul by singer Shin Seung-hun, who cast her in his music video.
Jacqueline Noonan : She received the A. Bradley Soule Award from the University of Vermont College of Medicine for dedication to the college as an alumna and mentor to medical students.
Jacqueline Noonan : Jacqueline Anne Noonan (October 28, 1928 – July 23, 2020) was an American pediatric cardiologist best known for her characterization of a genetic disorder now called Noonan syndrome.
Midori Matsushima : A native of Hyogo Prefecture and graduate of the University of Tokyo, she worked at the national newspaper Asahi Shimbun from 1980 to 1995.
Midori Matsushima : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
An Youqi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
An Youqi : Angela An Youqi (; born October 14, 1982) is a Chinese singer who won the first season of "Super Girl", a national singing contest, in 2004.
Hirokazu Matsuno : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sandra Birch Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoshio Mochizuki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anne Enright : Anne Teresa Enright {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'FRSL', '4': "} (born 11 October 1962) is an Irish writer.
Anne Enright : She won a Chevening Scholarship to the University of East Anglia's Creative Writing Course, where she studied under Angela Carter and Malcolm Bradbury and completed an MA degree.
Svetla Otsetova : Svetla Otsetova ( , born 23 November 1950) is a Bulgarian rower.
Jacklyn Wu : Wu has also acted in television series produced in Taiwan, mainland China, and Singapore.
Shin Se-kyung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Akiko Hatsu : Her work has been published in numerous magazines, including "DUO" (published by Asahi Sonorama), (published by Shinshokan), "Petit Flower" (published by Shogakukan, later retitled "flowers"), (published by the Asahi Shimbun Corporation, later retitled ).
Susanna Tamaro : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susanna Tamaro : Her mother is related to the Italian writer Italo Svevo.
Tomomi Inada : Despite having no military experience, Inada was named Defense Minister by Prime Minister Abe on 3 August 2016.
Shabana Bakhsh : She has been an outspoken critic of the BBC, saying that they are afraid to write for ethnic minorities.
Yūko Obuchi : In December 2012, she was appointed Vice Minister of Finance by the new Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, and on 3 September 2014, she was made Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry in Abe's cabinet.
Genie Chuo : Genie Chuo (; born 20 January 1986) is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Janelle Monáe : On February 22, 2018, Monáe released "Make Me Feel" and "Django Jane" as the first two singles from "Dirty Computer", both accompanied by music videos and announced that the album would follow on April 27, 2018.
Kyeon Mi-ri : Kyeon Mi-ri (born January 27, 1965) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Kyeon Mi-ri : She made her acting debut in 1984, and has since become active in television dramas, most notably as the arrogant and ambitious Lady Choi in the 2003 period drama "Dae Jang Geum" (or "Jewel in the Palace"), which was a hit not only in Korea but throughout Asia.
Kyeon Mi-ri : Kyeon married actor Im Young-gyu in 1987, and they divorced in 1993.
Jae Won Lee : Jae Won Lee is a Korean American ceramic artist living and working in Michigan in the United States.
Haruko Arimura : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Haruko Arimura : A native of Ishikawa Prefecture, she attended the International Christian University in Mitaka, Tokyo and received a master's degree from School for International Training in Vermont, United States and a Ph.D in international business from Aoyama Gakuin University.
Mitsuhide Iwaki : On 18 October 2015, a few days after joining Shinzo Abe's cabinet, Iwaki visited the controversial Yasukuni Shrine.
Mitsuhide Iwaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna Chromý : A life-threatening accident in 1992 meant that Chromy was unable to paint for eight years.
Anna Chromý : While living in Cap Martin, Anna began sculpting marble at the studio of Massimo Galleni in Pietrasanta and Carrara, Italy, as well as at Studio Michelangelo of Franko Barattini.
Jenni Vartiainen : Jenni Vartiainen has sold over 330,000 certified records in Finland during her solo career, which places her among the 50 best-selling recording artists of all time in the country.
Katrina Kaif : Katrina Kaif (] ; born Katrina Turquotte; 16 July 1983) is an English actress who works primarily in Hindi-language films.
Katrina Kaif : Kaif says that her mother decided to "dedicate her life to social causes", which led to the family's relocation to a number of countries for varying lengths of time:Our transitions in growing up were—from Hong Kong where I was born, to China, then to Japan, and from Japan by boat to France ... After France, Switzerland—and I'm cutting out many East European countries where we were for only a few months each—then Poland in Kraków ... After that we went to Belgium, then to Hawaii, which was a short time, and then came to London.
Chor Yuen : Chor Yuen () (born Cheung Po-kin (張寶堅); 16 September 1934 – ) is a Hong Kong-Chinese film director, screenwriter and actor.
Abigail Spears : Abigail Michal Spears (born July 12, 1981) is a professional tennis player from the United States.
Abigail Spears : She reached the third round at the 2008 Wimbledon doubles tournament with Raquel Kops-Jones, and the duo bettered that result by reaching the quarterfinals at the 2008 US Open.
Jang Hye-ock : Jang Hye-ock (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born 9 February 1977) was a badminton player from South Korea who affiliate with Chungnam Provincial office team.
Catrine Bengtsson : Catrine Bengtsson (born 21 September 1969)is a retired female badminton player from Sweden.
Chung Myung-hee : Chung Myung-hee (Hangul: 정명희; born 27 January 1964) is a former female badminton player from South Korea.
Yoo Sang-hee : In 1988, Yoo retired from international badminton and married fellow 1985 World Champion Kim Moon-soo.
Sofia El Marikh : Sofia El Marikh (   ] ; born (1981--) 15, 1981 ), also spelled Sophia El Mareekh, is a musician and entertainer from Casablanca, Morocco.
Caterina Davinio : Caterina Davinio (born Maria Caterina Invidia; 25 November 1957, Foggia) is an Italian poet, novelist and new media artist.
Alice Tzeng : Alice was cast as Qing Yi, better known as 'Sky', as the supporting female actress who has a crush on the lead protagonist, Yie Xiang Lun, played by Chou.
Chu Mei-feng : She has worked for the China Morning Edition and the Zili Evening Paper.
Chu Mei-feng : In June 2005, Chu married a man named Simon who was fourteen years her junior.
Chu Mei-feng : In June 2005, Chu married Simon, a man fourteen years her junior.
Chu Mei-feng : Chu Mei-feng (; born 5 August 1966) is a Taiwanese TV journalist, former Taipei City Councillor, and former director of Hsinchu City's Bureau of Cultural Affairs.
Amanda Knox : Knox graduated in 2005 from the Seattle Preparatory School and studied linguistics at the University of Washington, where in 2007 she made the university's dean's list.
Amanda Knox : Amanda Marie Knox (born July 9, 1987) is an American woman who spent almost four years in an Italian prison following her conviction for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher, a fellow exchange student who shared her apartment.
Wu Aiying : "Sing Tao Daily" of Hong Kong reported in June 2017 that Wu was implicated in a credentials fraud case involving fellow Shandong native Lu Enguang, and that she had been expelled from the party in addition to being demoted to a "futingji" (sub-department) "non-leading" position.
Wu Aiying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Risa Goto : Goto came back in 2004 and continued work as an actress.
Esther Ferrer : She is married to minimalist composer Tom Johnson.
Esther Ferrer : Esther Ferrer (born 1937 in San Sebastián, Spain) is a Spanish performance artist.
Josephine Ho : In May 1994, Ho led Taiwan's first demonstration against sexual harassment, and devised its slogan, "We don’t want sexual harassment, we want orgasms.
Josephine Ho : She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the National Chengchi University, a Master of Science degree from the University of Pennsylvania, a Doctor of Education degree from the University of Georgia and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from Indiana University.
Josephine Ho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lim Xiaoqing : Lim Xiaoqing (; born 15 August 1967 as Sun Xiaoqing; ) is a retired badminton player originally from China who later represented Sweden.
Akiko Santō : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jhené Aiko : She took vocal lessons in Culver City, California, but quit when she unexpectedly got pregnant.
Jhené Aiko : Her mother is of Spanish, Dominican and Japanese descent and her father is of Native American, African-American and German-Jewish descent.
Lymari Nadal : In 2001, she moved to Los Angeles, California, and married actor and director Edward James Olmos in 2002.
Lymari Nadal : She graduated from high school at Academia Santa María.
Chiao Chiao : Chiao Li Na or Lisa Chiao Chiao, often credited Chiao Chiao (; born 6 March 1943), is a Taiwanese film actress best known for her work in Hong Kong cinema.
Eileen Yeow : In June 2011, Yeow gave birth to a 9.2-pound baby boy, Evan, with his boyfriend of 8 years.
Eileen Yeow : Eileen Yeow (born 4 January 1973), also known as Yiu Ying-ying, was born in Singapore, with her ancestral home in Chiuchow, Guangdong.
Minh Tuyết : Trần Thị Minh Tuyết (born 15 October 1976 in Ho Chi Minh City) better known as Minh Tuyết, is a Vietnamese-American pop singer, currently performing on Thúy Nga's "Paris by Night".
Minh Tuyết : Born on October 15 in a family of four sisters and two brothers, Minh Tuyết had a passion for music early in her childhood.
Aiko Shimajiri : Shimajiri lost her Diet seat to former Ginowan, Okinawa mayor Yoichi Iha, a critic of the US military presence in Okinawa supported by a coalition of opposition parties, in the 2016 Japanese House of Councillors election.
Aiko Shimajiri : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jody Chiang : Jody Chiang or Jiang Hui (), born Jiang Shuhui (), is a Taiwanese popular singer.
Jody Chiang : On 2 January 2015, Chiang announced that she would end her singing career that year with 16 farewell concerts between July and September in Taiwan.
Myint Myint Khin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Myint Myint Khin : Sithu Myint Myint Khin ( , ] ; nicknamed Baby; born Khin Kyi (] ) on 13 August 1934) is a five-time Myanmar Academy Award and Myanmar Academy Award (Lifetime Achievement Award - Everlasting Outstanding Honorary Award) winning Burmese film actress who is considered one of the most talented actors of Burmese cinema.
Hiroyuki Nagahama : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melrose Bickerstaff : On Top Model, Bickerstaff adopted the stage name "Melrose," saying she removed the "issa" from her first name because she "didn't need it."
Melrose Bickerstaff : Melissa Rose Bickerstaff (born February 6, 1983), known professionally as Melrose, is an American financial advisor, fashion model and fashion designer based in San Francisco, California, and signed to Leni's Model Management.
Kyoko Nakayama : A graduate of the University of Tokyo (with a major in French literature), she worked at the Ministry of Finance from 1966 until 1999, when she was appointed as ambassador of Japan to Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.
Laila Boonyasak : Laila Boonyasak ( , ), or formerly Chermarn Boonyasak ( , ), nickname Ploy ( , ), is a Thai film and television actress and model.
Dong Jie : In 2008, Dong married actor Pan Yueming and gave birth to a son a year later, but they divorced in 2012 after Dong accused Pan of being a gambler.
Tanya Chan : In January 2010, Chan and other four lawmakers, Albert Chan, Alan Leong, Leung Kwok-hung and Wong Yuk-man resigned from LegCo, forcing a by-election, which they would treat as a ""de facto" referendum" to press the Chinese Government into allowing universal suffrage in Hong Kong.
Yvonne Lim : Yvonne Lim (, born 28 September 1976) is a Singaporean actress managed under Lafeng Entertainment.
Yvonne Lim : She was nominated for Best Newcomer and Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes in the Star Awards 1998 after her debut "Starting Point".
Yu Nan : "Jingzhe" (2003) earned her Best Actress accolades at the Golden Rooster Award and Paris International Film Festival in 2003; "Tuya's Marriage" (2006), the Golden Bear winner at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival, won her the Best Actress prize from the Chicago International Film Festival for her portrayal of a shepherdess who seeks a new husband after her first one falls ill; and "Weaving Girl" (2009), which won Jury Special Grand prix and the FIPRESCI prize from the 2009 Montreal World Film Festival.
Matsuri Akino : For details see, Pet Shop of Horrors.
Toby Leung : Together with Macy Chan, Elise Liu (廖雋嘉) and Bella Cheung (張曼伶) they formed the singing group Girl's only Dormitory (女生宿舍) which eventually disbanded.
Meaghan Martin : Meaghan Jette Martin ( ; born February 17, 1992) is an American actress and singer.
Shu Lea Cheang : The video features people of different ethnicities and reveals the complex attitudes surrounding ethnic stereotyping embedded in American Culture.
Yang Erche Namu : She began receiving attention outside of China as early as 1991, when she was featured in an article in "National Geographic Magazine"; she later married an American musician and moved to San Francisco, California with him, but they faced marital difficulties due to cultural differences and divorced.
Zhang Zilin : Zhang lent her voice for the 2008 Summer Olympics soundtrack and also appeared in the music video for the same song entitled "Beijing Welcomes You".
Zhang Zilin : In 2013, she married Nie Lei in Phuket, Thailand and in April 2016, she gave birth to a daughter.
Jessica Szohr : Jessica Karen Szohr ( ; born March 31, 1985) is an American actress.
Candice Swanepoel : They began dating after they met in Paris when she was 17 and he was 23.
Candice Swanepoel : Swanepoel has walked the runway for Fendi, Chanel, Tommy Hilfiger, Dolce and Gabbana, Michael Kors, Donna Karan, Giambattista Valli, Jason Wu, Prabal Gurung, Rag & Bone, Oscar de la Renta, Elie Saab, Diane von Fürstenberg, Sportmax, Betsey Johnson, Stella McCartney, Viktor and Rolf, Givenchy, Versace, Jean Paul Gaultier, Christian Dior, Blumarine, Etro and Ralph Lauren.
Imelda Wiguno : Imelda Wiguna (also known as "Imelda Wigoena", , born 12 October 1951) is a former badminton player from Indonesia who played at the world class level from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s.
Imelda Wiguno : She helped her nation to capture its first world title (over Japan) in 1975, and to reach the final round in 1978, 1981, and 1986.
Heather Kuzmich : She lives in Chicago, Illinois, where she is studying video game design.
Heather Kuzmich : Kuzmich has appeared in "People" magazine twice, once in October 2007 and the second time in December 2007.
Heather Kuzmich : Kuzmich was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome when she was fifteen years old (mistakenly reported as thirteen by Tyra Banks on "ANTM"), around the time her father died.
Heather Kuzmich : Heather Kuzmich (born April 19, 1986) is an American fashion model.
Margaret Varner Bloss : Margaret Varner Bloss (born October 4, 1927) is a retired American athlete and professor of physical education from El Paso, Texas who excelled in three distinctly different racket sports: badminton, squash, and tennis.
Margaret Varner Bloss : Varner's most impressive accomplishments came in badminton, which she took up at Texas Woman's University in the late 1940s, having gained prominence in junior and collegiate tennis.
Chieko Hosokawa : Her series "Akogare" was adapted into a TV drama series, titled "Hanayomeishō wa Dare ga Kiru" (花嫁衣裳は誰が着る) in 1986.
Lone Scherfig : Lone Scherfig (] ; born 2 May 1959) is a Danish film director and screenwriter who has been involved with the Dogme 95 film movement and who has been widely critically acclaimed for several of her movies, including the Oscar-nominated film "An Education" (2009).
Dee Hsu : Hsu was born in Taipei, Taiwan on 14 June 1978, she was the youngest of the three sisters, with the eldest being Hsu Si-hsien, and the second elder sister being Barbie Hsu.
Angela Ahrendts : On February 5, 2019, Apple announced that Ahrendts would be leaving in April to be replaced by Deirdre O'Brien.
Angela Ahrendts : According to Apple's 2015 Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Ahrendts earned over $70 million in 2014, more than any other executive at Apple, including CEO Tim Cook.
Angela Ahrendts : On October 15, 2013, it was announced that Ahrendts would leave Burberry in Spring 2014 to join Apple Inc. as a member of its executive team as senior vice president of retail and online stores, filling the spot vacated by John Browett in October 2012.
Shen Changyin and Shen Changping : After Zhao surrendered to police and Li was caught, the Shens continued to murder women in Hefei, Anhui; Baotou, Inner Mongolia; and Shijiazhuang, Hebei.
Shen Changyin and Shen Changping : Three other female accomplices were sentenced to three to 20 years in prison.
Shen Changyin and Shen Changping : The brothers Shen Changyin (沈长银, born 1976) and Shen Changping (沈长平, born 1984) are Chinese serial killers and cannibals who murdered and ate the livers of 11 sex workers between June 2003 and August 2004.
Shen Changyin and Shen Changping : In late November 2003, the Shens robbed Li Chunling in the same manner as Yao; however, they decided against killing her when she offered to bring them more victims.
Agnez Mo : '?!
Agnez Mo : She is the youngest child of Jenny Siswono, a former table tennis player, and Ricky Muljoto, a former basketball player.
Marcia Muller : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Marcia Muller : She is married to detective fiction author Bill Pronzini with whom she has collaborated on several novels.
Marcia Muller : Marcia Muller (born September 28, 1944) is an American author of fictional mystery and thriller novels.
Marcia Muller : In 2005, Muller was awarded the Mystery Writers of America's Grand Master award.
Anna Abreu : As a young child, Abreu spent some time residing in Portugal, and speaks fluent Portuguese, Spanish, and English in addition to Finnish.
Anna Abreu : Her parents later separated, with her father now residing in Sintra, Portugal.
Anna Abreu : Anna Eira Margarida Heiskari (née Mourão de Melo e Abreu; born February 7, 1990), known professionally as simply Anna Abreu, is a Finnish singer and songwriter.
Ellen Perry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sal Stowers : Saleisha Lashawn Stowers (born January 20, 1986) is an American actress and model.
Michiyo Akaishi : Akaishi's debut story, "Marshmallow Tea wa Hitori de", appeared in the January 1980 issue of "Bessatsu Shōjo Comic".
Huang Nanyan : Huang Nanyan (, born April 11, 1977 in Guangxi) is a badminton player from the People's Republic of China.
Yap Kim Hock : He had played with different pairs such as Tan Kim Her (1989–1994) and Cheah Soon Kit (1995–2000).
Yap Kim Hock : Yap Kim Hock {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'AMN', '4': "} (; born on 2 August 1970) is a retired badminton player from Malaysia and coach.
Lee Heung-soon : She lost in quarterfinals to Huang Hua, of China, 11-3, 10-12, 11-0.
Sarwendah Kusumawardhani : Sarwendah Kusumawardhani Sukiran (born 22 August 1967) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia.
Henrik Svarrer : Henrik Svarrer is a retired male badminton player from Denmark.
Henrik Svarrer : They lost in quarterfinals to Li Yongbo and Tian Bingyi, of China, 15-11, 12-15, 17-14.
Lee Sang-bok : Lee Sang-bok (; born 17 March 1968) is a retired male badminton player from South Korea.
Lee Sang-bok : They lost in quarterfinals to Eddy Hartono and Rudy Gunawan, of Indonesia, 15-4, 18-15.
Lili Tampi : Lili Tampi (born 19 May 1970) is a retired Indonesian badminton player who specialized in doubles.
Finarsih : Aadijatmiko Christina Finarsih (born 8 February 1972) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in women's doubles.
Kazuhiko Chiba : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yana Uskova : Yana Viktorovna Uskova ( ) (born 28 September 1985) is a Russian handball player, playing on the Russian women's national handball team.
Inna Suslina : Inna Evgenevna Suslina ( ) (born January 5, 1979) is a Russian team handball player, who last played for HC Vardar and Russia women's national handball team.
Irina Poltoratskaya : Irina Igorevna Poltoratskaya ( , born 12 March 1979 in Antratsyt, Luhansk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian team handball player, playing on the Russian women's national handball team.
Oksana Romenskaya : Oksana Viktorovna Romenskaya ( ; 6 June 1976 in Rostov-on-Don) is a Russian team handball player, playing on the Russian women's national handball team.
Anna Kareyeva : Anna Vasilyevna Kareyeva ( ; born 10 May 1977) is a Russian handball player who competed internationally with the Russian national team.
Go Eun-ah : Go Eun-ah (born Bang Hyo-jin on October 28, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Ksenia Sukhinova : Sukhinova's height is 1.78 m (5'10") and she has blonde hair and blue eyes.
Ksenia Sukhinova : Sukhinova was born 1987 in Nizhnevartovsk, Russian SFSR.
Ksenia Sukhinova : She was the Miss World 2008 Beach Beauty competition second runner-up, placing after Miss Mexico, the winner, and Miss South Africa, the first runner-up.
Ksenia Sukhinova : Ksenia Vladimirovna Sukhinova ( ; born 26 August 1987) is a Russian model, television host and beauty queen who was crowned Miss World 2008.
Wu Dixi : Wu Dixi (, born 1962 in Nanhai, Guangdong) is a retired Chinese female badminton player.
Emiko Ueno : In 1977 she won both the All-England Championships and IBF World Championships in women's doubles with Etsuko Toganoo.
Shi Fangjing : They were the surprise gold medalists at the 1987 IBF World Championships in Beijing, and subsequently captured the Badminton World Cup in both 1987 and 1988, the Swedish Open, World Badminton Grand Prix, the venerable All England Championships in 1988, and the French Open in 1989.
Taty Sumirah : Taty Sumirah (9 February 1952 – 13 February 2020) was a female badminton player of Indonesia.
Karen Bridge : She was a coach for the Wilson Boys' School's badminton team and a part-time coach for the Wimbledon Racquets and Fitness Club's junior badminton team towards the end of her life.
Karen Bridge : Karen Beckman (Bridge) (1960 – June 2020) was a female badminton player of England.
Helen Troke : Helen Troke (born 7 November 1964) MBE, is a retired female badminton player of England.
Karen Chapman : Karen Chapman née Karen Puttick (born 21 May 1959) is a retired badminton player of England.
Hu Na : She has returned to mainland China many times to promote the sport and visit her family.
Michael Tong : Michael Tong Man-lung (Chinese: 唐文龍; Cantonese Romanization: Tong Man Lung (Tang Wen Long); born 17 November 1969) is a Hong Kong actor.
Sofia Boutella : Her breakthrough as a dancer came in 2007, when she was picked for the Jamie King choreography for Nike Women's "Keep Up" campaign, serving as a role model of femininity and hip-hop.
Wu Jianqiu : Wu was a member of Chinese Uber Cup (women's international) teams which won world team championships in both 1984 and 1986.
Wu Jianqiu : Wu Jianqiu (, born 1962) is a retired female badminton player from China.
Kim Yun-ja : In 1989, Kim married Sung Han-kook, a fellow world-class player who later went on to become the national team head coach.
Hwang Sun-ai : Hwang Sun-ai (Hangul: 황선애, Hanja: 黄善愛) (born 1962 in Daejeon) is a retired female badminton player from South Korea.
Hwang Sun-ai : In the final of the women's singles at the 1981 All England Open Badminton Championships, she defeated two-time All England defending champion Lene Køppen of Denmark, allowing only three points.
Gillian Gowers : Gillian Gowers (born 9 April 1964 in Horfield) is a retired female badminton player from England.
Gillian Gowers : She won the bronze medal at the 1985 IBF World Championships in mixed doubles with Nigel Tier.
Anna Torv : Torv graduated from Benowa State High School in 1996.
Clara Rojas : Chavez planned their release in an operation dubbed Operation Emmanuel, using Venezuelan aircraft and with the support of the Red Cross.
Clara Rojas : In 2006, it was revealed that Rojas had given birth to a boy named Emmanuel while in captivity.
Clara Rojas : On December 27, 2007, the FARC guerrilla group was said to be planning the imminent release of Rojas, together with her son and congresswoman Consuelo González, in a one-sided prisoner release negotiated by Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez.
Clara Rojas : Clara Leticia Rojas González (born December 20, 1964) is a Colombian lawyer, university lecturer, and campaign manager for former senator and presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt.
Clara Rojas : After being temporarily suspended, Operation Emmanuel resumed, and on January 10, 2008, a humanitarian commission headed by the International Committee of the Red Cross flew in two Venezuelan helicopters to a location in Colombia that FARC had designated the previous day.
Christine Magnusson : Christine Kajumba Magnusson (born November 21, 1964 in Toro Kingdom, Uganda) is a retired Swedish badminton player who won events in numerous Swedish National, open European and other international tournaments.
Pernille Dupont : Pernille Dupont (born October 6, 1967) is a retired female badminton player from Denmark.
Grete Mogensen : She played 47 matches for the Danish national team between 1983-1993.
Grete Mogensen : Grete Mogensen (born 15 May 1963, later Grete Kragekjær) is a retired female badminton player from Denmark.
Eliza Nathanael : Eliza Nathanael (born 27 May 1973) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in doubles events.
Risa Itō : She graduated from Suwa Futaba High School and studied "Formative Fine Arts" at Joshibi University of Art and Design Junior College.
Mette Sørensen : Mette Sørensen (Born: 28 May 1975) is a retired female Danish badminton player.
Mette Sørensen : While competing in 2000 Olympics, she lost in the third round to 4th seeded Ye Zhaoying of China.
Masako Watanabe : She was noted in the 1960s for using pastel colors instead of the bright primary colors common at the time, and for pioneering both "shōjo" (written for teenage girls) horror stories with "Blue Foxfire" and "shōjo" mystery stories with "Glass no Shiro" ("Glass Castle").
Toshie Kihara : In 2017, to commemorate Kihara's 48th anniversary as a manga artist, Kawade Shobo Shinsha published a book containing a chronological list of all of her works; a lengthy interview with Kihara about her career; a round-table discussion between Kihara and her fellow Year 24 Group members, Moto Hagio and Yasuko Aoike; and contributions from other celebrated manga artists, such as Riyoko Ikeda and Yasuko Sakata.
Yuyuko Takemiya : Takemiya debuted in September 2004 with her light novel series "Watashitachi no Tamura-kun (Our Tamura-kun)" which first appeared in the autumn 2004 issue of "Dengeki hp Special", a special edition version of "Dengeki hp".
Gordon Low : Gordon Alexander Low (born 11 July 1940) is a former professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town, Bristol City, Stockport County, Crewe Alexandra and Selby Town.
Carol Liu : Senator Liu voted in favor of California Senate Constitutional Amendment No.5.
Carol Liu : Carol Jean Liu (born September 12, 1941) is an American politician who served in the California State Senate.
Carol Liu : The proposed bill would have asked California voters to consider repealing provisions of Proposition 209, thus permitting state universities to consider an applicant's race, ethnicity or national origin in making admissions decisions.
Erena Ono : During AKB48's concert at the Yoyogi National Gymnasium in July 2010, it was announced that Team K member Erena Ono would be graduating from AKB48 to study acting abroad.
Erena Ono : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eva Twedberg : During the latter part of her badminton career she married the Northumberland county and England badminton internationalist Elliot Stuart and represented Northumberland.
Eva Twedberg : Among other titles, she won the prestigious All-England singles title in 1968 and 1971; the Danish Open in 1968, 1970, and 1972; the U.S. Open in 1972 and 1973; and the European Championships in 1970.
Vincent Zhan Silu : Vincent Zhan Silu (born March 13, 1961) is the current Roman Catholic bishop of the archdiocese of Funing.
Claire Yiu : After filming some ATV series, such as 海瑞鬥嚴嵩, and Ten Tigers of Guangdong (廣東十虎), she went over to TVB and filmed in some minor roles such as 趙美美 (Mia) in To Catch The Uncatchable and 戴玉瑩 (Grace) in Healing Hands 3.
Chen Shiang-chyi : She also appeared in Lin Cheng-sheng's "Sweet Degeneration" (1997), which was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
Huang Lu : Huang Lu () (born July 10, 1983) is a Chinese actress.
Kazuko Fujita : Silver is a manga adaptation of a book by Penny Jordan, bearing the same title.
Alyson Kennedy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alyson Kennedy : On February 12, 2016, Kennedy was announced as the nominee for president on the Socialist Workers Party ticket alongside Osborne Hart.
Robin Canup : Canup is an accomplished ballet dancer and danced the lead role in "Coppélia" in the Boulder Ballet one week after finishing her dissertation.
Robin Canup : In 2012, Canup first published a refinement to the giant impact hypothesis, arguing that the Moon and the Earth formed in a series of steps that started with a massive collision of two planetary bodies, each larger than Mars, which then re-collided to form what we now call Earth.
Tiana Xiao : She graduated from Cornell University in 2012.
Tiana Xiao : Tiana Xiao is a Chinese American singer-songwriter.
Tiana Xiao : On December 1, 2009, Tiana has announced an official return to school, stating that she will continue her career in music after graduation.
Tiana Xiao : Tiana Xiao was born in Sichuan, China and moved to the United States with her family when she was two years old.
Tiana Xiao : Her unique voice earned her a recording contract with her label, Imperial Records, a division of Teichiku Entertainment, Inc.
Tiana Xiao : Her voice teacher saw tremendous potential in the then 15-year-old Xiao and trained her for about three months before sending a demo CD to a management/production company in Japan.
Tiana Xiao : The songs featured in the album will include all tracks from her two previous maxi singles, as well as the highly anticipated songs written and produced by other notable producers from both the United States and the United Kingdom, including Alexis Smith (UK) Tom Keane, Jeeve and Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis (Jam & Lewis) (U.S.).
Tiana Xiao : The two songs on the CD are written and produced by Tom Keane, who wrote and produced music for many well-known artists such as Celine Dion and Chaka Khan, and his associate Roycel Cooks.
Mayumi Muroyama : In 1977, Muroyama published "Asari-chan", which was collected in 100 volumes and which had sold 26,500,000 volumes total as of May 2006, making it the seventh best-selling shōjo manga ever in Japan.
Yanina Wickmayer : 15.
Yanina Wickmayer : Seeded fourth at the [[2018 Fuzion 100 Surbiton Trophy – Women's Singles|Surbiton Trophy]], her first grass-court tournament of the year, Wickmayer beat both Bojana Jovanovski Petrović and qualifier Victoria Duval to reach the quarterfinals where [[Harriet Dart]] defeated her.
Budge Wilson : These include the prequel "Before Green Gables", a celebratory centennial release to the Anne of Green Gables series.
Budge Wilson : Budge Marjorie Wilson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ("née " Archibald, May 2, 1927March 19, 2021) was a Canadian writer.
Budge Wilson : Wilson received numerous awards for her work that include: 23 Canadian Children's Book Centre "Our Choice" selections, a Marianna Dempster Award, two Ann Connor Brimer Awards, a Canadian Authors Association Lilla Stirling Award, a National IODE (Imperial Order of the Daughters of the Empire) Violet Downey Award, an Atlantic Independent Booksellers Award, and an IBBY (International Board on Books for Young People) Honour Award.
Budge Wilson : After living in Peterborough, Ontario, for 33 years, Wilson and her husband went back to Nova Scotia in 1989 and resided in Northwest Cove on St. Margarets Bay.
Cornelia Bargmann : Cornelia Isabella "Cori" Bargmann (born 1961) is an American neurobiologist.
Cornelia Bargmann : In 2012 she was awarded the $1 million Kavli Prize, and in 2013 the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences.
Sun Caiyun : She became the first official world record holder, jumping 4.05 meters on May 21, 1992 in Nanjing, China.
Margaret Beck : Margaret Beck (later Margaret Lockwood; born 1952) is a retired badminton player from England who ranked among the world's best during most of the 1970s.
Margaret Beck : Her other international singles titles included the European Badminton Championships (1972), and the Canadian (1975), Irish (1971), Portuguese (1973), Scottish (1972, 1974), and South African (1976) Opens.
Margaret Beck : An exceptional junior talent, she represented England and won women's singles gold medal at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland, while still in her teens.
Margaret Beck : She won singles at the World Invitation Tournament, a forerunner of the BWF World Championships, that was held in Jakarta, Indonesia in 1974.
Kirsten Larsen : Kirsten Larsen (born 14 March 1962) is a retired female badminton player from Denmark.
Li Haifeng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Li Haifeng : A native of Laoting, Hebei, she did her graduate studies at the Party School of the Central Committee, and went on to positions such as Secretary of the Daqing branch of the Communist Youth League of China, Standing Committee Member of the Daqing Field branch of the Communist Party, Vice-Chairperson of the Politburo.
Min Hyo-rin : In 2016, Min became a regular cast member in the KBS reality television show "Sister's Slam Dunk".
Min Hyo-rin : In March 2017, Min signed with Plum Entertainment after her contract with JYP Entertainment ended.
Yero Bello : On 9 August 2010, Bello signed with the Romanian club FC Vaslui for three years.
Yero Bello : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aya Miyama : In the 2007 World Cup held in Shanghai, China, Miyama performed brilliantly in Japan's match against England, scoring the team's two goals both on direct free kicks, leading Japan to a draw.
Ashleigh Ball : Ashleigh Adele Ball (born March 31, 1983) is a Canadian voice actress and musician, known for singing in the rock band Hey Ocean!, as well as voicing characters in several toyetic movies and television series, notably the "Barbie" film series, "Bratz", "Johnny Test", "Littlest Pet Shop", and "".
Chrissy Teigen : Teigen became engaged to singer John Legend in December 2011, after four years of dating.
Chrissy Teigen : She was also featured on another Cooking Channel special, titled "Chrissy Teigen's Hungry", detailing her wedding menu tasting with then-fiancé, John Legend.
Sabine Lisicki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sabine Lisicki : She is fluent in German, English and Polish.
Sabine Lisicki : Sabine Katharina Lisicki (] ; born 22 September 1989) is a German tennis player who turned professional in 2006.
Margaret Boxall : Margaret Boxall (later Margaret Allen) is a retired badminton player from England.
Yael Naim : In January 2008, Apple featured her song "New Soul" in its debut commercial for the MacBook Air laptop.
He Saifei : He Saifei (born 11 April 1963) is a Chinese actress of film and television, as well as a celebrated Yue opera performer of "dan" (female) roles.
Hu Hesheng : Hu Hesheng (; born 20 June 1928) is a Chinese mathematician.
Esther Kwan : In 2008, Kwan left acting to spend more time with her daughter, only returning to film two TVB dramas "The Season of Fate" (2010) and "Always and Ever" (2013).
Esther Kwan : Esther Kwan Wing-ho (), born 16 July 1964 is a Hong Kong retired actress formerly contracted to TVB and ATV.
Nahoko Uehashi : The novel received the Noma Children's Literature New Face Prize and the Sankei Children's Culture and Publishing award and the English translation was awarded the Mildred L. Batchelder Award in 2009.
Sarah Hammer : Sarah Kathryn Hammer (born August 18, 1983) is a former American professional racing cyclist and four-times Olympic silver medalist.
Sarah Hammer : Hammer currently holds the world record in the 3000 m individual pursuit.
Emilie Benes Brzezinski : Václav Edvard Beneš, a mathematician, is her brother.
Emilie Benes Brzezinski : Emilie Beneš Brzezinski (born Emilie Anna Beneš; 1932) is a Swiss American sculptor and the widow of Zbigniew Brzezinski.
Emilie Benes Brzezinski : Shortly after graduating from Wellesley, Emilie Beneš, herself a relative of Czechoslovakia's former president Edvard Beneš, married Polish-born emigrant turned naturalized citizen Zbigniew Brzezinski, a political scientist who served as an adviser to President Carter.
Emilie Benes Brzezinski : Her monumental 1993 work "Lintel", constructed from cut cherry trees and then cast in bronze, is in the collection of Grounds for Sculpture, a sculpture park and museum in New Jersey.
Kim Jung-hwa : She rose to fame in the 2002 sitcom "Nonstop 3", and has since played leading roles in the television series "Something About 1%" (2003) and "Snow White: Taste Sweet Love" (2004), as well as the films "Spy Girl" (2004) and "The Elephant on the Bike" (2007).
Chiang Peng-lung : Chiang Peng-lung (; born 24 July 1976, in Penghu) is a Taiwanese male professional table tennis player.
Lindsay Ellingson : In November 2013, after six years of dating, Ellingson became engaged to her long-term boyfriend Sean Clayton, a medical equipment salesman and former college football player.
Lindsay Ellingson : Lindsay Ellingson is an American model.
Lindsay Ellingson : In 2015, Lindsay co-founded luxury beauty label, Wander Beauty, where she currently serves as creative director.
Park Si-yeon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Si-yeon : Park Si-yeon (born Park Mi-seon on March 29, 1979) is a South Korean actress.
Park Si-yeon : In October 2013, the Seoul Central District Court found Park guilty of taking propofol 400-500 times over four-and-a-half years (or 8.2 times a month), and she was sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for two years.
Gong Jinjie : She and Zhong Tianshi set a world record of 31.928 seconds in the qualification round of the team sprint event, and won China's first ever Olympics Cycling gold medal in the final by beating the Russian team.
Ruth Simon : Ruth Simon (born c. 1962) is an Eritrean journalist.
Ruth Simon : She also served as editor-in-chief of the Association for the Reintegration of Eritrean Women Guerrilla Fighters magazine "Bana".
Chen Wei-ling : Chen Wei-ling (; born 4 January 1982) is from Tainan, Taiwan.
Chen Wei-ling : In weightlifting, Wei-Ling competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the 48 kg class.
Li Ai : Li Ai (; born 4 January 1979 in Guangzhou, Guangdong), is a Chinese television personality, singer, actress and model.
João Carlos Pinto Chaves : João Carlos Pinto Chaves (born 1 January 1982) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender.
Kanna Arihara : On February 26, 2009, Hello!
Kanna Arihara : In 2008, the September issue of the tabloid magazine "BUBKA" reported that Arihara had gone on a date to see the movie "" with Ryosuke Hashimoto, a member of Johnny's Jr.
Park Han-byul : On April 30, 2018, it was reported that Park had given birth to a son.
Nneka Ogwumike : Nnemkadi Chinwe Victoria "Nneka" Ogwumike ( ; born July 2, 1990) is a Nigerian-American basketball player for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), after being drafted No.
Manami Oku : On March 5, 2018, it was announced Oku's belonging to the talent company Flave Entertainment.
Manami Oku : In 2006, she auditioned for AKB48 and was cast to Team K. She was also a member of AKB48's subgroup Honegumi (the group was formed for a kids' TV show in 2007).
Gary Glasgow : Gary Glasgow (born 13 May 1976) is a Trinidadian former international football player who played professionally as a striker for North East Stars.
Tyna Barinaga : Tyna Barinaga (later Tony Barinaga; born 1946) is a former American badminton player who won national and international titles from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.
Tyna Barinaga : Barinaga was a member of three U.S. Uber Cup teams (1963, 1966,1969), the first of which retained the women's world team championship.
Elaine Yiu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elaine Yiu : Elaine Yiu (born 21 November, 1980 in British Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong-born television actress, movie actress, singer-songwriter and host.
Ruan Lufei : Ruan Lufei (; born October 2, 1987) is a Chinese chess player holding the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM) and Women's World Championship runner-up in 2010.
Ruan Lufei : Ruan began studying at Tsinghua University in 2005, and is now a doctoral candidate in the field of Accounting at Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon University in the United States.
Huang Qian : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Qian : Huang Qian is married to chess grandmaster Bu Xiangzhi.
Sonia Sui : In 2018 she founded her own clothing brand SuiTangTang.
Sonia Sui : Sui was in a relationship with How Yao from 2004-2012, then married Tony Hsieh in 2015, who is the brother of American-Taiwanese actress Aggie Hsieh.
Sonia Sui : She then moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada where she finished her high school and went to study psychology at University of Winnipeg.
Li Ruofan : In 2007, she transferred national federations to represent Singapore.
Tan Zhongyi : She graduated from university in 2013.
Tan Zhongyi : Tan Zhongyi (; born 29 May 1991 in Chongqing) is a Chinese chess grandmaster (GM) and former Women's World Chess Champion (2017–2018).
Tan Zhongyi : On December 1, 2015, Tan Zhongyi won the 1st China Chess Queen Match, a knockout tournament held in Taizhou, Zhejiang, after defeating Ju Wenjun in the final in an armageddon game.
Kari Mette Johansen : Kari Mette Johansen (born 11 January 1979) is a Norwegian team handball player, a two time Olympic champion, once a world champion and four times European champion.
Liu Shilan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liu Shilan : Liu competed for the Chinese national team at the Women's Chess Olympiad five times (1980–1988), with an overall record of 68 total games played (+25, =27, -16).
Jade Leung : Jade Leung (), born 23 November 1969 in Hong Kong as Leung Yuk-yin () is a Hong Kong actress known for starring in kung fu and action films.
Jade Leung : She received the 1992 Best New Performer Award at the 11th Hong Kong Film Awards for her role in the 1991 film "Black Cat".
Sadao Abe : Abe was nominated for best actor in the 31st Japanese Academy Award for "Maiko Haaaan!!!
Karoline Dyhre Breivang : Karoline Charlotte Dyhre Breivang (born 10 May 1980) is a retired Norwegian handball player.
Chantal Jones : Her photographs were generally praised by the judges, and she appeared in the bottom two only once during the competition.
Christian Eichner : Christian Eichner (born 24 November 1982) is a German former professional football defender who is the current manager of Karlsruher SC.
Florian Dick : Florian Dick (born 9 November 1984) is a German professional football defender.
Jennifer Winget : In November 2014, Winget stated that she and Grover had separated.
Julie May : Julie Elizabeth May (born 19 March 1964) is an English cricketer and former member of the England women's cricket team who played as a right-handed batter and right-arm off break bowler.
Katrine Lunde : Katrine Lunde (former Haraldsen; born 30 March 1980) is a Norwegian handball goalkeeper for Vipers Kristiansand and the Norwegian national team.
Ayano Tsuji : In 1993, Tsuji attended Kyoto City Dohda Senior High School of Arts where, during an activities class, she started to learn the ukulele after finding her hands were too small to correctly hold and play the guitar.
Sophie Flack : On December 9, 2014, she gave birth to their first child, a son named Rocco.
Sophie Flack : Sophie Flack (born August 8, 1983) is an author, freelance writer and editor, and former dancer with the New York City Ballet.
Jessica Gomes : Jessica Gomes (born 25 September 1985) is an Australian model who appeared in the "Swimsuit Issue" of the American publication "Sports Illustrated" every year from 2008 to 2015.
Peggy Lam : She received a certificate in family planning from the University of Chicago and a certificate in Public Health Administration from the University of Michigan.
Mia Wasikowska : Mia Wasikowska ( ; born 25 October 1989) is an Australian actress.
Mia Wasikowska : She had a relationship with Jesse Eisenberg, her co-star in "The Double", in 2013.
Kristy Lee Cook : Cook then moved to Dallas, Texas, in an attempt to pursue her career and to gain more experience.
Kristy Lee Cook : Cook was born in Seattle, Washington, to Larry and Carlene Cook.
Kristy Lee Cook : Kristy Lee Cook (born January 18, 1984) is an American country music singer and television personality.
Tonje Nøstvold : Tonje Nøstvold (born 7 May 1985 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian handball player.
Susan Devlin : She is the older sister of Judy Devlin Hashman, with whom she won numerous international women's doubles championships, including six titles at the prestigious All-England Championships (1954, 1956, 1960, 1961, 1963, 1966).
Lyubov Galkina : Lioubov Galkina ( ) (born 15 March 1973 in Alapayevsk, Russian SFSR) is a Russian sports shooter and Olympic champion.
Peng Peiyun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Peng Peiyun : In 1998, she was elected the Vice Chairperson of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and the Chairwoman of the All-China Women's Federation.
Kate McKinnon : McKinnon began appearing as Hillary Clinton on the series leading up to the 2016 presidential election.
Kate McKinnon : In 2007, McKinnon joined the original cast of Logo TV's "The Big Gay Sketch Show", where she was a cast member for all three seasons.
Kate McKinnon : McKinnon was born and raised in the Long Island town of Sea Cliff, New York, to Laura Campbell, a parent educator, and Michael Thomas Berthold, an architect.
Kate McKinnon : She graduated from North Shore High School in 2002, and from Columbia University in 2006 with a degree in theatre.
Lakshmi Tatma : The surgery began on Tuesday, 6 November 2007, at 7 am IST (01:30 UTC), and was planned to last 40 hours at the most.
Hồ Ngọc Hà : On 21 June 2010, Hồ Ngọc Hà gave birth to a baby boy, named Nguyễn Quốc Hưng, via caesarean section.
Hồ Ngọc Hà : She has been the brand ambassador of Sunplay, Toshiba, Sony Ericsson, Sunsilk and also an ambassador of music channel YanTV.
Hồ Ngọc Hà : She started her singing career by releasing her first album titled 24/7 back in 2004.
Hồ Ngọc Hà : Along her singing career, she also starred in many films and made appearance in TV dramas such as "Hoa Cỏ May", the movies "39 Độ Yêu" (39 Degree of Love) and "Chiến Dịch Trái Tim Bên Phải" (Right Heart Campaign).
Cathy Leung : Cathy Yu-Yan Leung is a female Cantopop singer, hostess and professional dart player.
Cathy Leung : After graduating from high school, Leung was discovered by Boombeat Music in 2004 for her talent in singing.
Natalia Zhukova : She was married to Grandmaster Alexander Grischuk.
Lena Ma : Lena Ma (; born July 7, 1987), is a Canadian beauty queen known for winning Miss World Canada 2009.
Davit Mujiri : Davit Mujiri (Georgian: born 2 January 1978 in Tbilisi) is a former football midfielder from Georgia.
Sa Chen : In recent years, Chen has performed with many prestigious orchestras, some of which are: the London Philharmonic Orchestra, Los Angeles Philharmonic, San Francisco Symphony Orchestra, WDR Symphony Orchestra, Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France, NHK Symphony Orchestra, China Philharmonic Orchestra, Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra, and with renowned conductors including Sir Simon Rattle, Myung-Whun Chung, Semyon Bychkov, Fabio Luisi, Vasily Petrenko, Long Yu among many others.
Sa Chen : Sa Chen () (born 21-Nov-1979 in Chongqing, China) is a Chinese pianist.
Sa Chen : In 2000, she placed Fourth and the Best Polonaise Performance Award at the 14th International Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw and received the Crystal Award at the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in the year of 2005.
Amber Kuo : Kuo Tsai-chieh (, born 19 February 1986), also known as Amber Kuo, is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Larusso : She popularized songs such as "Tu m'oublieras" and "Je survivrai", the latter sung by Régine in the 1980s, which is a French adaptation of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor.
Linn-Kristin Riegelhuth Koren : On 25 June 2011, Linn-Kristin Riegelhuth married Einar Sand Koren, and changed her name to Linn-Kristin Riegelhuth Koren.
Linn-Kristin Riegelhuth Koren : Linn-Kristin Riegelhuth Koren (born 1 August 1984) is a retired Norwegian handball player for the Norwegian national team, who last played for Larvik HK.
Petra Kvitová : 1.
Petra Kvitová : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Marconi : She is a sister of divers Nicola Marconi and Tommaso Marconi.
Maria Marconi : She won the qualification tournament for the 2008 Summer Olympics, also twice won a bronze medal at the European Championships (2002 and 2006) and once a silver medal (2009).
Maria Marconi : Maria Marconi (born 28 August 1984 in Rome) is a diver from Italy, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Heather Ward : Heather Maureen Ward (later Heather Nielsen; born 1938) is a former English badminton player who won international championships and competed at an elite level during a two decade span from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s.
Siqin Gaowa : In 2008, she won her second Best Actress in the 27th Hong Kong Film Awards for her role in "The Postmodern Life of My Aunt".
Siqin Gaowa : Siqin Gaowa ( ᠰᠡᠴᠡᠩᠭ᠋ᠣᠣ᠎ᠠ , Mongolian Cyrillic "Цэцэнгуа", born 19 January 1950), born Duan Anlin, is a Swiss actress originally from China.
Hiro Arikawa : Hiro Arikawa won the tenth annual Dengeki Novel Prize for new writers for "Shio no Machi: Wish on My Precious" in 2003, and the book was published the following year.
Hiro Arikawa : Although she is a light novelist, her books from her second work onwards have been published as hardbacks alongside more literary works with Arikawa receiving special treatment in this respect from her publisher, MediaWorks.
Hiro Arikawa : Her 2006 light novel "Toshokan Sensō" (The Library War) was named as "Hon no Zasshi"'s number one for entertainment for the first half of 2006, and came fifth in the "Honya Taishō" for that year, competing against ordinary novels.
Davi Rodrigues de Jesus : On 8 January 2015, Davi transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Davi Rodrigues de Jesus : Davi Rodrigues de Jesus or simply Davi (Brazilian Portuguese: ] ; born 6 April 1984 in Gravataí) is a Brazilian midfielder.
Yvonne Davis : Davis has been a member of the Texas State House of Representatives since 1992.
Yvonne Davis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Saki Aibu : Aibu was born in Hyōgo prefecture.
Saki Aibu : On May 3, 2016, she announced her marriage through her office.
Taeyeon : and Baek A-yeon.
Taeyeon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Taeyeon : Taeyeon graduated from Jeonju Art High School and was awarded the school's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008.
Taeyeon : In June 2018, Taeyeon released her third EP, "Something New".
Kyrsten Sinema : Kyrsten Lea Sinema ( ; born July 12, 1976) is an American politician, attorney, and social worker serving as the senior United States Senator from Arizona since January 2019.
Kyrsten Sinema : In 2003 Sinema became an adjunct professor teaching master's-level policy and grant-writing classes at Arizona State University School of Social Work and an adjunct Business Law Professor at Arizona Summit Law School, formerly known as Phoenix School of Law.
Dale Henry : Dale "Hank" Henry (born September 24, 1964) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played 132 games in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders.
Sanjaasürengiin Oyuun : Sanjaasuren Oyun ( ), also transcribed S. Oyun, is a Mongolian politician and geologist.
Ashley Greene : Ashley Michele Greene (born February 21, 1987) is an American actress.
Haruka Tomatsu : Her second single and first anime-related single, , was used as the opening theme to the anime television series "Kannagi: Crazy Shrine Maidens"; the single was released on October 28, 2009.
Connie Talbot : She then signed with Rainbow Recording Company and released her debut album "Over the Rainbow" on 26 November 2007, which has sold over 250,000 copies worldwide and reached number one in three countries.
Cindy Hyde-Smith : Cindy Hyde-Smith (née Hyde; born May 10, 1959) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Mississippi since 2018.
Megan Wright : Megan Elizabeth Wright (née Metcalfe; born 27 January 1982) is a Canadian long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.
Nita Ing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nita Ing : Nita Ing (殷琪; born 17 March 1955, in Taipei) is the Taiwanese-American president of Continental Engineering Corporation and the former chairman of the board of the Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation, the company which built a high-speed railway system from Taipei to Kaohsiung.
Haifaa al-Mansour : Haifaa al-Mansour is the eighth (out of twelve) child of the poet Abdul Rahman Mansour, who introduced her to films by video, there being no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia between 1983 and 2018.
Haifaa al-Mansour : She later completed a master's degree in Film Studies from University of Sydney, Australia.
Haifaa al-Mansour : Her feature debut, "Wadjda", which she wrote as well as directed, made its world premiere at the 2012 Venice Film Festival; it is the first full-length feature to be shot entirely in Saudi Arabia and as of 2013, the only feature-length film made in Saudi Arabia by a female director.
Eiza González : Eiza González Reyna (born January 30, 1990) is a Mexican actress and singer.
Eiza González : In recent years, González landed a string of prominent roles, appearing as "Darling" in the 2017 film "Baby Driver", Madame M in 2019's "The Fast and the Furious" franchise spin-off film "Hobbs & Shaw", Nyssiana in the cyberpunk film "" (2019), and KT in "Bloodshot" (2020) alongside Vin Diesel.
MakSim : Marina Sergeyevna Abrosimova ( ; born 10 June 1983), better known under her stage name MakSim (Russian: МакSим; earlier – Maxi-M) is a Russian singer, songwriter and a music producer.
Karlie Kloss : Karlie Elizabeth Kloss (born August 3, 1992) is an American fashion model.
Hina Rabbani Khar : Khar is the daughter of the powerful oligarch and politician Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar.
Miyuki Takahashi : She was the captain of the Japanese volleyball team during the Volleyball World Championship.
Miyuki Takahashi : Miyuki Takahashi (高橋 みゆき "Takahashi Miyuki", born 25 December 1978) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for the NEC Red Rockets.<br>
Miyuki Takahashi : Miyuki Takahashi also plays for the All-Japan women's volleyball team and participated at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Kristine Lunde-Borgersen : Fully recovered, Lunde Borgersen came back for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where Norway won a gold medal.
Kristine Lunde-Borgersen : Kristine Lunde-Borgersen (born 30 March 1980) is a retired Norwegian handballer who played for the Norwegian national team.
Kathy Yuen : Kathy Yuen, better known as Tong Yee is an actress from Hong Kong.
Kathy Yuen : In 2021 Kathy announced her pregnancy and wedding with Shing Mak.
Tam Siu Wai : Tam Siu Wai (; born 17 September 1970 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer.
Satomi Satō : She announced her marriage with fellow voice actor, Takuma Terashima, on July 6, 2017.
Satomi Satō : While attending Tokyo Announce Gakuin, Satō was selected to be in the seventh line-up of assistants (Big Bang Grand Prix V) on Miki Tomokazu's Radio Big Bang.
Fahmida Mirza : In March 2008, she was elected as the 18th and first women Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Ng Yen Yen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cho Chun-ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Luk Koon Pong : With South China
Luk Koon Pong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Luk Koon Pong : Luk Koon Pong (; born 1 August 1978 in Hong Kong) is a retired Hong Kong footballer who is currently the assistant coach of Hong Kong Premier League club Happy Valley.
Katy Perry : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Katy Perry : The album, also titled "Smile", was released on August 28, 2020.
Katy Perry : Transitioning from gospel music to secular music, Perry started writing songs with producer Glen Ballard, and moved to Los Angeles at age 17.
Katy Perry : Two days before its distribution, she gave birth to a daughter named Daisy Dove Bloom.
Katy Perry : In 2003, she briefly performed as Katheryn Perry to avoid confusion with actress Kate Hudson.
Katy Perry : Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter, and television judge.
Zinaida Greceanîi : On 18 November 2016, she was elected Chairman of the Socialist Party, taking office on 23 December 2016.
Zinaida Greceanîi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zinaida Greceanîi : Following the resignation of Prime Minister Vasile Tarlev on 19 March 2008, President Vladimir Voronin nominated Greceanîi as Prime Minister.
Hannah McKeand : In 2006 she set the record for the fastest journey (man or woman) to the South Pole a journey she completed solo and in just 39 days, 9 hours and 33 minutes.
Hannah McKeand : Hannah McKeand is an English polar explorer.
Louis Pinkerton : Louis Pinkerton is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who represented the 5th district in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 2007–2011.
Yang Yuehua : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xu Nannan : Xu Nannan (徐囡囡, born August 16, 1977) is a Chinese freestyle skier and Olympic medalist.
Christine Chow Ma : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christine Chow Ma : Christine Chow Ma (Christine Chow Mei-ching) (; born November 30, 1952) is a Hong Kong-born Taiwanese lawyer and former First Lady of the Republic of China from 2008 until 2016.
Alizée : Alizée's three albums include a wide range of songs, from catchy pop tunes to soulful ballads.
Alizée : Alizée Jacotey (born 21 August 1984), known professionally as Alizée, is a French singer, dancer and musician.
Wang Bingyu : In 2007, Wang won a disappointing bronze medal at the Asian Winter Games.
Wang Bingyu : Wang Bingyu (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born October 7, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang; usually referred to in the media as Bingyu "Betty" Wang) is a Chinese curler.
Sergio Gutiérrez : Sergio Gutiérrez born on May 28, 1989 in Bogotá, is a Colombian football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Copa Mustang.
Rosiana Tendean : Rosiana Tendean (born 25 August 1964) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia.
Nettie Nielsen : Nettie Nielsen (born 23 July 1964) is a retired female badminton player from Denmark.
Claes Nordin : Claes Nordin, born 20 July 1955 is a male badminton player from Sweden.
Genzebe Dibaba : She won the gold medal in the 1500 m at the Beijing World Championships and a silver medal in the 1500 meters at the 2016 Olympics.
Genzebe Dibaba : She is from a sporting family several Olympic medalists, which includes her sisters Tirunesh and Ejegayehu, and her cousin Derartu Tulu.
Genzebe Dibaba : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anastasia Fesikova : Anastasia Valeryevna Fesikova ( ; born 8 May 1990), née Anastasia Zuyeva, is a Russian swimmer who holds the Russian national records for the 50, 100 and 200 metres backstroke events.
Aisa Senda : Senda was born and raised in Ginowan, Okinawa, Japan, where she had been attending Okinawa Actors School since the age of nine.
Cheung Kin Fung : Cheung Kin Fung (; born 1 January 1984 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a left back.
Esther Duflo : Esther Duflo, FBA (] ; born 25 October 1972) is a French–American economist who is a professor of Poverty Alleviation and Development Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
Yuko Oshima : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuko Oshima : In 2005, she began working as a junior idol in a short-lived idol project Doll's Vox, which was produced by The Alfee vocalist Toshihiko Takamizawa.
Mariko Shinoda : A listing of Shinoda's participation in AKB48's theatre programs, called stages:
Mariko Shinoda : In July 2014, ricori ceased operation and closed down its stores.
Florence Kwok : Florence Kwok Siu-Wan (born 25 August 1968) is a Hong Kong film, television, and voice actress.
Kim Myung-soon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Myung-soon : Kim Myung-Soon (born April 15, 1964) is a South Korean team handball player and Olympic champion.
Song Ji-hyun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Song Ji-hyun : Song Ji-Hyeon (born January 23, 1969) is a South Korean team handball player and Olympic champion.
Ivy Ho : Whether they are the mainlanders trying to survive and prosper in Hong Kong in ("") or the middle-aged school teacher trying to do the right thing in ("July Rhapsody"), the characters she creates are keenly observed, psychologically acute portraits.
Nana Katase : She also portrayed Megumi Yokota as an adult (with Mayuko Fukuda who played the role of a younger Megumi Yokota) as one of at least thirteen Japanese citizens kidnapped by North Korea in the late 1970s and early 1980s in "".
Nana Katase : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ma Liwen : Born Ma Xiaoying in 1971 in Jiangxi province, Ma would move to Beijing in the early 1990s.
Ma Liwen : She graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in 1994, and is one of Fifth Generation director Tian Zhuangzhuang's protégés along with Ning Hao.
Ma Liwen : The film won the Ma a Golden Rooster for Best Director in 2005 and Best Actress award for actress Jin Yaqin.
Bonnie Story : Bonnie Story (born March 18, 1959) is an American choreographer commonly known for her work in the films "High School Musical", "High School Musical 2" and "High School Musical 3".
Jin Jing : the torch off a wheelchair athlete, a disabled athlete who was unable to defend the torch.
Bridgit Mendler : For her debut album, "Hello My Name Is...", Mendler was inspired by indie pop singers Ingrid Michaelson and Feist.
Bridgit Mendler : Harper told the interviewer that they became friends early in "Good Luck Charlie" and began dating in May 2011.
Bridgit Mendler : Mendler recorded the song "This Is My Paradise" for the film, which was released as a promotional single on January 11, 2011, with a music video directed by Alex Zamm.
Bridgit Mendler : She has mentioned Natasha Bedingfield, Broken Bells, Mark Ronson and Amy Winehouse.
Bridgit Mendler : Also in 2011 Mendler also starred the Disney Channel Original Movie "Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!
Bridgit Mendler : On July 5, she performed another new song, "Deeper Shade Of Us", with disco influences.
Bridgit Mendler : She also worked with Acuvue being a mentor to help Katie, a winner of the 2013 "Acuvue 1-Day Contest", get closer to her dream of making a difference.
Bridgit Mendler : The "D-Signed by Teddy Duncan" fashion collection includes clothing, accessories, hats, scarves, and souvenirs for girls in range from 4 to 18 years old.
Bridgit Mendler : "Ready or Not" peaked at 49 in the United States and 53 in Australia, but at number seven in the United Kingdom and within the top twenty of the charts in Belgium, the Republic of Ireland and New Zealand.
Marie Sebag : Marie Rachel Sebag (born 15 October 1986) is a French chess grandmaster.
Caleb Ekwegwo : Caleb Tochukwu Maranatha Ekwegwo (; born 1 August 1988 in Onitsha, Nigeria) is a Nigerian-born Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays as a striker and is currently a free agent.
Edson Minga : Edson Dico Minga (; born 31 May 1979) is a Congolese born Hong Kong footballer who is currently a free agent.
Chen Yu-hui : Born in 1973 in Taipei, Taiwan to Chen Li-an, a former president of Control Yuan of Republic of China and Cecilia Tsao, the founder of Cecilia Arts, Chen is the fourth child and the only daughter of a prominent clan.
Takako Shimura : "Wandering Son" has been licensed in English by Fantagraphics Books and an anime adaptation aired in 2011.
Cho Youn-jeong : Cho contested the 1992 Summer Olympics as a member of the South Korean women's archery team with Kim Soo-nyung and Lee Eun-kyung.
Kim Kyung-wook : Kim Kyung-wook (born April 18, 1970) is a female South Korean archer and Olympic champion.
Yoon Hye-young : Yoon Hye-Young (born March 15, 1977) is a female South Korean archer and Olympic champion.
Yoon Hye-young : She competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where she won a gold medal with the South Korean archery team.
Sonya Jehan : Sonya Rizvi ( ; born 24 April 1980), better known by her stage name Sonya Jehan, is a Pakistani film actress who predominantly works in Urdu and Hindi-language films.
Geling Yan : Geling Yan (; born 16 November 1958) is a Chinese-American author and screenwriter.
Suzie Fraser : Suzannah "Suzie" Fraser (born 27 August 1983 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian water polo player, who joined the women's national team in 2005.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : Previously, as a member of the Labour Party, she was a Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives of Malta from 1998 to 2014, and served as the Minister of the Family and Social Solidarity from March 2013 to March 2014.
Lai Kai Cheuk : Lai Kai Cheuk (, born 5 July 1977, Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a defender and a defensive midfielder.
Pamela L. Gay : Grothe, and Massimo Pigliucci.
Pamela L. Gay : Gay was co-chair of the United States new media efforts with regard to the International Year of Astronomy, 2009.
Lena Frier Kristiansen : Lena Frier Kristiansen (born March 12, 1983) is a badminton player from Denmark.
Nina Vislova : Nina Gennadyevna Vislova ( ; born 4 October 1986) is a badminton player from Russia.
Nina Vislova : She played in women's doubles discipline at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Valeria Sorokina and finished in third place after winning bronze medal match against Canadian women's doubles players, Bruce and Li with 21-9, 21-10.
Valeria Sorokina : Valeria Mihailovna Sorokina ( ; born 29 March 1984) is a badminton player from Russia.
Chie Kōjiro : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tetsushi Tanaka : Tanaka married actress Yukie Nakama on September 18, 2014, after a six-year relationship.
Airi Taira : She is married to Japan international footballer Yuto Nagatomo, who plays for Turkish club Galatasaray.
Airi Taira : Both of them appeared in the Captain Tsubasa Olympics special which, aired as part of the annual Jikan Terebi Nihon no Sport wa Tsuyo in November 2019.
Đỗ Thị Hải Yến : She was born in Bac Ninh Province and grew up in Hanoi where she graduated from the Vietnamese Ballet School after seven years of study.
Đỗ Thị Hải Yến : “The Quiet American” received the Academy Award Nomination, another ten wins and seven nominations at the BAFTA Awards, Golden Globes - USA, London Critics Circle Film Awards, National Board of Review - USA, Political Film Society - USA, San Francisco Film Critics Circle, Satellite Awards, Bangkok International Film Festival, Australian Screen Sound Guild, World Soundtrack Awards.in 2003.
Lily Li : Li left TVB in January 2020 after deciding not to renew her contract, ending a 32-year relationship with the TV network.
Lily Li : Lily Li () (born 14 June 1950) is a Hong Kong film and television actress.
Lily Li : Li joined Rediffusion Television in 1980, now known as Asia Television (ATV), and starred in several television series including "Blood Debt", "Super Hero", "101 Citizen Arrest", "Drunken Fist 2", "Fly Over the Ring", "The Devil Force" and "House Man".
Guo Shuang : Guo Shuang (郭爽, born February 26, 1986) is a Chinese professional track cyclist.
Guo Shuang : She won two bronze medals at the 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in Sprint and Keirin, and two silver medals at the 2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, again in Sprint and Keirin.
Min Hye-sook : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Min Hye-sook : Min Hye-Sook (born March 15, 1970) is a South Korean team handball player and Olympic champion.
Rani Devi : Rani Devi is a member of the Indian Women's Hockey Team.
Lena Fujii : Fujii is a regular top print model for Japanese fashion magazines "ViVi" and "sweet", as well as appearing in other magazines like "VOCE", "Lip", "spring", and "Cutie".
Lena Fujii : Lena Fujii".
Mulan Jameela : The following year, Ratu released another album, entitled "No.
Mulan Jameela : Satu", which sold 500,000 copies in the first week.
Mulan Jameela : Mulan Jameela (born Raden Terry Tantri Wulansari on August 23, 1979) is an Indonesian female solo singer and politician.
Jessica Chastain : (1962).
Jessica Chastain : Chastain is an animal lover, and has adopted a rescue dog.
Jessica Chastain : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jessica Chastain : She is married to fashion executive Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, with whom she has a daughter.
Jessica Chastain : For "The 355", a female-led spy film, Chastain and her co-stars Penélope Cruz, Fan Bingbing, and Lupita Nyong'o pitched the idea to prospective buyers at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival; it was eventually picked up by Universal Pictures and produced by Chastain and Simon Kinberg.
Khloé Kardashian : Both parties signed divorce papers in July 2015.
Khloé Kardashian : In January 2014, she began on-again, off-again relationship with rapper French Montana.
Khloé Kardashian : Kardashian later removed Woods from her clothing line Good American Website after previously being featured to model styles.
Khloé Kardashian : Khloé Alexandra Kardashian ( ; born June 27, 1984) is an American media personality, socialite, and model.
Khloé Kardashian : In an interview with "People Magazine", Kardashian confirmed that they had not reconciled and the divorce had been withdrawn so that she could make medical decisions on Odom's behalf.
Khloé Kardashian : The divorce had yet to receive final approval from a judge in October 2015, when Odom was hospitalized after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
Khloé Kardashian : Kardashian dated basketball player Rashad McCants in 2008.
Khloé Kardashian : On September 27, 2009, Kardashian married professional basketball player Lamar Odom, who was a member of the Los Angeles Lakers at the time.
Khloé Kardashian : Kardashian started dating basketball player James Harden after meeting at brother-in-law Kanye West's Staples Center birthday party in 2015.
Khloé Kardashian : Kardashian and Odom's divorce was finalized in December 2016.
Khloé Kardashian : In February 2019, Kardashian and Thompson split after it was revealed that Thompson had allegedly cheated on Kardashian with her younger half-sister Kylie Jenner's then-best friend Jordyn Woods.
Khloé Kardashian : On December 13, 2013, after months of speculated separation, Kardashian filed for divorce from Odom and for legal restoration of her last name.
Ariane Ascaride : Daughter of Henriette, an office worker, and a representative, himself son of Neapolitan immigrant, and sister of the director "Pierre Ascaride" and the writer "Gilles Ascaride", Ariane assists early to the amateur shows in which her father is involved.
Su Rui : Her song "The Same Moonlight" ( ; 1983) first propelled her from an unknown to a singing sensation in Taiwan overnight when it was released in 1983.
Su Rui : In 1968, Su Rui skipped class to participate in a singing competition and was selected, joining the Zero Chorus to sing Western pop songs, and began her singing career.
Chiaki Omigawa : She belonged to Crocodile since August 16, 2017.
Caroline Pidgeon : Pidgeon has also been a Trustee of the Centre for Literacy in Primary Education since 2005.
Caroline Pidgeon : Caroline Valerie Pidgeon MBE (born 29 September 1972) is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom and the only member of the Liberal Democrats in the London Assembly.
Caroline Pidgeon : On the London Assembly, Pidgeon served as a member of the Metropolitan Police Authority between 2008 and 2012 and the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority between 2008 and 2010.
Caroline Pidgeon : In the 2008 London Assembly election, Pidgeon was selected as the Liberal Democrats' candidate for the Lambeth and Southwark constituency; she came second to Labour's Valerie Shawcross.
Pai Bing-bing : Pai Hsueh-hua (born 17 May 1955), born Pai Yueh-o, better known by her stage name Pai Bing-bing (also spelled Pai Ping-ping), is a Taiwanese singer, actress, media personality and social activist.
Gu Xiaobing : Gu Xiaobing (; born July 12, 1985) is a chess player from China.
Kris Jenner : Kristen Mary Jenner ("née" Houghton , formerly Kardashian; born November 5, 1955) is an American media personality, socialite, producer, entertainment manager, and businesswoman.
Yani Tseng : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
Yani Tseng : Tseng lives in a residential community at Lake Nona Golf & Country Club in Orlando, Florida, in a house that she purchased from former LPGA player Annika Sörenstam in April 2009.
Yani Tseng : Yani Tseng (; born 23 January 1989) is a Taiwanese professional golfer playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.
Yani Tseng : The previous record holder was Paula Creamer who reached the mark in one year, four months, and 15 days in 2006.
Saori Kondo : Saori Kondo (born 1956) is a former badminton player who won Japanese national titles and excelled internationally in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Mara Carfagna : Maria Rosaria "Mara" Carfagna (born 18 December 1975) is an Italian politician and former showgirl and model.
Cheltzie Lee : Her African American mother, Renita, is from Louisiana, and her Chinese father was born in Bangladesh.
Cheltzie Lee : Lee hoped to qualify for the 2014 Winter Olympics but injuries hindered her training in later years; she tore her posterior cruciate ligament and was also diagnosed with osteitis pubis.
Cheltzie Lee : She finished 20th overall at the Olympics and 17th at the 2010 World Championships.
Fusako Shigenobu : Then rejected the life imprisonment sentenced by the prosecution and sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Jane Welch : After school she worked as a bookseller before going for five years to Soldeu, Andorra in the Pyrenees as a ski teacher.
Hélène Rollès : This TV show which recounts love stories of a student band at the university, garnered up to 6,500,000 viewers every night.
Liu Shyh-fang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liu Shyh-fang : Liu obtained her bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from Tamkang University and master's degree in environmental engineering from Oklahoma State University in the United States.
Yu Hirayama : It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Fatima Siad : Fatima Siad ( , ) (born December 17, 1986) is a Somali fashion model.
Nora Tschirner : Nora Marie Tschirner (born 12 June 1981) is a German film actress, musician and former television and radio presenter.
Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner : Kaltenbrunner climbs without supplemental oxygen, which makes her the first woman to officially reach all fourteen eight-thousanders without the use of supplementary oxygen.
JJ Jia : The two married on 1 January 2016 in Hong Kong.
JJ Jia : Jia Xiaochen (born September 20, 1982), also known as JJ Jia and Fatumai, is a Hui-Chinese actress and model based in Hong Kong.
Grace Wong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mutsumi Tamura : In August 2014, Tamura took a temporary break to remove the polyp from the throat.
Khin Ohmar : Khin Ohmar ( , ] ) is a Burmese democracy activist noted for her leadership in the 8888 Uprising and her work with the Women's League of Burma and the Burma Partnership.
Khin Ohmar : US First Lady Laura Bush, the award's presenter, described Khin Omar as "one of the strongest voices against Burma's violent regime".
Khin Ohmar : In 2008, Khin Ohmar won the Anna Lindh Prize, named for assassinated Swedish politician Anna Lindh, which is awarded annually to a woman or young person with "the courage to fight indifference, prejudice, oppression and injustices in order to promote a good life for all people in an environment marked by respect for human rights."
Khin Ohmar : According to her 1995 testimony to a US Senate sub-committee, she then joined a 16 March student rally protesting the death of student activist Phone Maw, which was violently suppressed by riot police; she escaped when a Japanese diplomat gave her and other protesters shelter in his home.
Peter Durant : Peter J. Durant is an American politician who represents the 6th Worcester District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is a former member of the Spencer, Massachusetts Board of Selectmen.
Yingluck Shinawatra : That's not true.
Yingluck Shinawatra : That's not true.
Yingluck Shinawatra : She has been granted citizenship by the government of Serbia.
Yingluck Shinawatra : Yingluck has become the chairwoman and legal representative of Shantou International Container Terminals Ltd since 12 December 2018, a Chinese port operator, operating in the Shantou Port area in eastern Guangdong.
Yingluck Shinawatra : Yingluck Shinawatra ( , , ] , , ; born 21 June 1967), nicknamed Pou ( , , ] , meaning "crab"), is a Thai businesswoman, politician and a member of the Pheu Thai Party who became the Prime Minister of Thailand following the 2011 election.
Tristane Banon : Her second novel "Trapéziste" ("Trapezist") appeared in 2006, followed by "Daddy Frénésie" ("Daddy Frenzy") in 2008.
Tristane Banon : The novel, described by Banon as part-autobiographical, tells the story of a young girl's ruined childhood, neglected by her mother and forced to fend for herself against an alcoholic and abusive nanny.
Tristane Banon : She was employed in the politics department, and later the cultural department, of the French weekly "Paris-Match", then worked at the daily newspaper "Le Figaro".
Tristane Banon : Tristane Banon (born 13 June 1979) is a French journalist and writer.
Tan Weiwei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wu Yang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alison Van Uytvanck : Alison Van Uytvanck (] ; born 26 March 1994) is a Belgian professional tennis player.
Son Yeon-jae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Son Yeon-jae : Son has some advertisements such as LG, Pantene, Mr.Pizza and Fila.
Park Bo-young : However, in 2010 she became involved in a series of legal disputes with her then-management agency and a film production company, causing the actress to be tied up in lawsuits and unable to work for the next few years.
Park Bo-young : Two months later, she signed an exclusive contract with BH Entertainment.
Park Bo-young : Park Bo-young (Korean:  ; Hanja:  , born February 12, 1990) is a South Korean actress.
Park Bo-young : In 2013, Park joined the cast of "Law of the Jungle", a reality-documentary program featuring comedian Kim Byung-man and several celebrities as they explore and survive the New Zealand wilderness.
Sandrine Pinna : Her notable works include "Yang Yang", "Miao Miao", "Candy Rain", "Touch of the Light", "See You Tomorrow" and "Legend of the Demon Cat".
Kimiyo Matsuzaki : Kimiyo Matsuzaki (Japanese: 松崎キミ代, born June 18, 1938 in Takase, Kagawa Prefecture, Japan) is a former female international table tennis player from Japan.
Nadira Isayeva : After staying with friends in Moscow for two months, Isayeva was named a visiting scholar at Columbia University's Harriman Institute in the U.S., arriving there in February 2012.
Nadira Isayeva : In 2008, she published an interview with a former guerrilla leader in which the subject accused local authorities of corruption and connections to the Kremlin.
Nadira Isayeva : "Chernovik" reporters Magomed Magomedov, Artur Mamayev and Timur Mustafayev were also charged, along with their lawyer Biyakai Magomedov.
Nadira Isayeva : Nadira Isayeva or Isaeva ( ) is a Russian journalist who has been internationally recognized for her reporting on security issues in North Caucasus.
Nadira Isayeva : Following a defense challenge, the findings of these examinations were overturned by the Federal Centre for Forensic Examination in Moscow, and the case against Isayeva and her colleagues was dismissed on 19 May 2011.
Nadira Isayeva : Isayeva is editor-in-chief of the weekly newspaper "Chernovik" (English: "Rough Draft") in Dagestan, described by Reporters Without Borders as "Dagestan’s leading independent newspaper".
Tatyana Mitkova : In 1991, she received one of the first International Press Freedom Awards from the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Hisae Iwaoka : Hisae Iwaoka (岩岡ヒサエ, born 17 July 1976, Chiba Prefecture) is a Japanese manga artist.
Hisae Iwaoka : Her work includes the one-shot manga "Hana Boro" (Flower Cookies) and "Shiroi Kumo" (White Clouds) (a jury-recommended work in the 2005 Japan Media Arts Festival) "Yume no Soko", (a jury-recommended work in the 2006 Japan Media Arts Festival) "Hoshigahara Aomanjuu no Mori", (a jury-recommended work in the 2010 Japan Media Arts Festival) "Saturn Apartments", published by Shogakukan and licensed in English by Viz Media, and "Hoshi ga Hara Ao Manjū no Mori", which ran in "Nemuki Plus" from August 2008 to February 2014.
Song Chunli : She won two Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress, a Hundred Flowers Award for Best Supporting Actress and two Feitian TV Awards.
Song Chunli : Song Chunli (, born 17 February 1951) is a Chinese film and television actress.
Zheng Zhenyao : Zheng Zhenyao () is a Chinese film and television actress.
Freya Mavor : Freya Mavor (born 13 August 1993) is a Scottish actress and model.
Yoon Seung-ah : Yoon Seung-ah (; born September 29, 1983) is a South Korean actress.
Li Xiuming : Li Xiuming is a mainland Chinese film actress.
Li Xiuming : Her most remembered role are "Chunmiao" in Xie Jin's "Chunmiao" and "Princess Peacock".
Li Xiuming : She won both of Golden Rooster Award and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress, for "Xu Mao and His Daughters".
Park Ye-eun : Source: Korea Music Copyright Association
Park Ye-eun : In January 2007, Park was revealed as the fifth member of Wonder Girls.
Park Ye-eun : In May, Yeeun was credited as a songwriter on "Only You" from former labelmate Twice's EP "Signal".
Park Ye-eun : On October 12, 2017, Park released her first single, "MEiNE" ("mine" in German), consisting of two songs: "I Wander" featuring Dynamic Duo's Gaeko and "Read Me" featuring PUNCHNELLO.
Ahn So-hee : The film premiered in the Midnight Screenings section at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival on May 13, 2016. and later surpassed 11 million admissions.
Yelena Masyuk : In 1998, Masyuk was declared persona non grata by the Foreign Ministry of Tajikistan after broadcasting reports critical of the nation's government.
Yelena Masyuk : Yelena Vasiliyevna Masyuk ( ) (born 24 January 1966) is a Russian television journalist known for her coverage of the First and Second Chechen Wars.
Yelena Masyuk : On 18 August, NTV paid a $2 million ransom, and the three were released.
Yelena Masyuk : Masyuk later commented that she felt the kidnappings had been tactically foolish by the rebels in terms of public image: "Chechens made $16 million on journalists last year, but they lost much more ...
Yelena Masyuk : In 2004, Masyuk created a four-part documentary entitled "The Character of Friendship", exploring potential dangers in the Sino-Russian relationship.
Yelena Masyuk : According to "The Washington Post", "her name became synonymous with hot-spot journalism", and her crew became known as "the bravest, brashest and most professional reporters on the scene".
Yelena Masyuk : Masyuk took Zhirinovsky to court for slander, and in December 1997, the court ordered him to publicly apologize and to pay Masyuk $5,000 in damages.
Yelena Masyuk : She later stated that in her reporting, she tried "to show the Chechen side of the story, to give them a chance to tell their point of view, to show how terrible the war was for civilians and even Russian soldiers".
Yelena Masyuk : On 10 May, Masyuk, cameraman Ilya Mordyukov, and sound engineer Dmitri Ulchev were returning from Grozny to Ingushetia when six masked, armed men stopped their car.
Lin Ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Ling : Since 2000 she has won several medals in singles, doubles, and team events in the Asian Table Tennis Championships, the Table Tennis World Cup, and the World Table Tennis Championships.
Yu Luojin : Yu Luojin (born 1946 in Beijing) is a Chinese novelist.
Yao Chen : In 2017, Yao served as the jury of the 23rd Shanghai Television Festival.
Yao Chen : Yao was born in Shishi City, Quanzhou, Fujian province on 5 October 1979 to a middle-class family, and studied Chinese folk dance at the Beijing Dance Academy from 1993 to 1997, then studied at the Beijing Film Academy from 1999 to 2003.
Zheng Saisai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zheng Saisai : Zheng Saisai or Zheng Sai-Sai (; born February 5, 1994) is a Chinese tennis player.
Jane Harber : Jane Harber (born 12 November 1985) is an Australian actress who is known from her role on television series "Offspring" as Zara Perkich.
Jane Harber : In 2014, she played the role of Michele Bennett, a former girlfriend of INXS lead singer Michael Hutchence, in the TV mini-series "".
Jane Harber : She also appeared in episode 152 of "Blue Heelers" season 5 part 1 called "Sisterly Love", which aired on 22 July 1997, playing a young girl called Chloe Bassetti.
Jane Harber : In 2012, Harber starred as Cora Benson in the ABC comedy series "A Moody Christmas".
Tong Ling : From 1980 to 1985 she won many medals in singles, doubles, and team events in the Asian Table Tennis Championships and in the World Table Tennis Championships.
Jeon Boram : 愛".
Jeon Boram : On March 6, 2017 MBK Entertainment (formerly known as Core Contents Media) announced that T-ara would be releasing their last album as six-member group in May, after Boram and Soyeon decided not to renew their contracts, and other members decided to stay with the label until December 31, 2017.
Qri : She was cast alongside groupmate Eunjung for KBS' drama "King Geunchogo" in 2011, starting from episode 47.
Ryu Hwa-young : Ryu Hwa-young was born on April 22, 1993 in Gwangju, South Korea.
Ryu Hwa-young : She also participated in the writing of the rap lyrics of "Love is All the Same" () by fellow labelmate Yangpa.
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul : Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul ( ; born 30 September 1992), nicknamed Baifern ( ; "lit."
Wang Xiaotang : Wang Xiaotang (born 1934) is a Chinese film actress, director and screenplay writer.
Wang Xiaotang : She won Golden Rooster Award for Best Writing and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Picture for her writing and directing for "Fragrant Vows".
Joyce Jonathan : On 23 January 2011 she received the NRJ Music Awards for Francophone Breakthrough of the Year.
Joyce Jonathan : Joyce Jonathan (born 3 November 1989) is a French singer and songwriter.
Joyce Jonathan : She was educated at the Alsatian School in Paris, and studied psychology at the university level.
Joyce Jonathan : She has just recorded a song "Mystères" with Pétula Clark.
Joyce Jonathan : At the age of 16, Joyce Jonathan posted three of her compositions on the site MySpace., promoting them to Michael Goldman, co-founder of the new label "My Major Company ".
Joyce Jonathan : She pursued her musical interests with voice and piano lessons, being influenced by artists such as Teri Moses and Tracy Chapman.
Joyce Jonathan : On May 13, 2008, 486 internet backers provided the 70,000 euros needed to start production of her album.
Joyce Jonathan : Her first album Sur mes gardes went Gold in May 2010 only five months after its release., and was certified platinum less than a year later.
Joyce Jonathan : Her two singles, "Je ne sais pas" and "Pas besoin de toi", were included in her first album "Sur mes gardes," released in January 2010, and certified gold after only five months.
Sim Ann : On 28 September 2015, it was announced that Sim will be the Senior Minister of State for Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth, effective 1 October 2015.
Sim Ann : Sim Ann (; born 12 March 1975) is a Singaporean politician.
Risa Shinnabe : Risa Shinnabe (新鍋 理沙 "Shinnabe Risa", born July 11, 1990) is a retired professional Japanese volleyball player who played for Hisamitsu Springs.
Yukiko Ebata : She was then attached to the Holy Spiritual Women's Junior College, she was active in the Spring High Valley and Inter - high as captain.
Yukiko Ebata : In 2008, she was recruited by the Hitachi Rivale professional women's volleyball club team as one of their active wing spikers in 2009-10.
Yukiko Ebata : Her parents are volleyball players, she started playing volleyball when she is in her 3rd year in elementary school.
Yukiko Ebata : On July 24, 2014, Hitachi Rivale announced the transfer of Ebata to RC Cannes women's professional volleyball club team.
Mai Yamaguchi : Mai Yamaguchi (山口 舞 "Yamaguchi Mai", born July 3, 1983) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Okayama Seagulls.
Sylvia Bongo Ondimba : Sylvia Valentin Bongo Ondimba (born 11 March 1963) is the wife of Ali Bongo Ondimba since 1989.
Guo Jianmei : She is married to writer Liu Zhenyun.
Guo Jianmei : In 1995, Guo attended the Fourth International Forum for Women Lawyers and the United Nations international World Conference on Women in Beijing.
Guo Jianmei : She subsequently worked at the Ministry of Justice, The All China Federation of Women and The All China Association of Lawyers.
Ni Ping : Ni Ping (born 15 February 1959) is a mainland Chinese film actress and TV host.
Ashleigh Barty : Ashleigh Barty (born 24 April 1996) is an Australian professional tennis player and former cricketer.
Yui Ogura : Ogura graduated Showa Women's University with a bachelor's degree in Psychology in March 2018.
Yui Ogura : Ogura left Just Production on March 31, 2021, and transferred to Atomic Monkey on April 1, 2021.
Yui Ogura : In 2016, Ogura changed agencies from Sigma Seven to Clare Voice.
Maon Kurosaki : During the Animelo Summer Live event in August 2016, Altima announced a hiatus from music activities.
Asami Imai : Born in Tokyo in 1977, Imai moved from Shibuya to Tokuyama City (currently Shūnan City) in Yamaguchi Prefecture, when she was eight years old.
Juniel : She was first known as 'Junie', but eventually changed her stage name to 'Juniel', which was derived from combining her name, Junie, and L for 'love'.
Juniel : Choi Seo-ah (Korean: 최서아; born Choi Jun-hee on 3 September 1993) better known by her stage name Juniel (Hangul: 주니엘, often stylized as JUNIEL) is a South Korean singer-songwriter.
Katja Windt : Windt was a member and later a spokesperson of the Young Academy, a joint project of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities and German Academy of Natural Scientists Leopoldina.
Katja Windt : Windt held a position as departmental manager at the Bremer Institut für Produktion und Logistik BIBA, (Bremen Institute for Production and Logistics) of the University of Bremen, where she worked in the field of autonomous cooperating logistic processes funded by the German Research Foundation.
Kyoko Yano : She retired end of 2012 season.
Rumi Utsugi : A left-footed defensive midfielder, Utsugi has represented Japan at the 2007, 2011, and 2015 editions of the World Cup, as well as two Asian Cup competitions.
Bibiana Steinhaus : Before becoming a referee like her father, Steinhaus played as a footballer for SV Bad Lauterberg.
Bibiana Steinhaus : IRIB, the state broadcaster of Iran, cancelled their broadcast of a Bundesliga fixture in February 2019 due to Steinhaus being named as its head referee.
Bibiana Steinhaus : Steinhaus was appointed to officiate the 2020 DFL-Supercup between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund on 30 September 2020.
Nahomi Kawasumi : Kawasumi attended Nippon Sport Science University.
Miho Fukumoto : In October, she was selected by the Japan national team for the 2002 Asian Games.
Asuna Tanaka : In November 2008, Tanaka was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2008 U-20 World Cup.
Ryu So-yeon : LPGA Tour playoff record (2–4)
Ryu So-yeon : Ryu So-yeon (Korean 유소연, RR "Ryu So-yeon", MR "Ryu Soyŏn", ] ; born 29 June 1990), also known as So Yeon Ryu, is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour and on the LPGA of Korea Tour.
Ryu So-yeon : Her first win as a professional came in February 2008 on the American Cactus Tour, in which she won by six strokes.
Megumi Takase : Takase's brother Akira Takase is also footballer.
Megumi Takase : In July, she was selected to play for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2010 U-20 World Cup.
Shi Tingmao : Shi Tingmao (; born 31 August 1991) is a Chinese diver representing Chongqing diving team.
Shi Tingmao : At the 2016 Summer Olympics she won the gold medal in women's 3 metre synchronized springboard with Wu Minxia.
Ye Shiwen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Crystal Kiang : Crystal Kiang () (born April 12, 1990) is a Taiwanese-American former figure skater who competed internationally for Taiwan in ladies singles.
Lee Bo-ra : Lee Bo-ra (born 16 August 1986) is a South Korean female speed skater.
Lee Bo-ra : She qualified for the Olympics in 2006, in which she placed 25th in 500 m and 34th in 1000 m. She again qualified for the Olympics in 2010, and placed 26th in the 500 m.
Vanessa Kirby : Vanessa Kirby (born 18 April 1988) is an English actress.
Tai Tzu-ying : She competed at the World Tour Finals.
A-Lin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
A-Lin : In 1999, when A-Lin was 16 years old and taught children to sing the hymn “Amazing Grace” after the 921 earthquake in Nantou County, she was discovered by her former agent.
Ai Hua : Ai Hua is the stage name of Charlotte MacInnis (Michigan, 1981), an American TV personality in China, also known by the Chinese name Mu Aihua ().
Cheuk Wan-chi :  Media related to
Cheuk Wan-chi : On 31 May 2008, G announced on her blog that she was producing an art project called "Born to Be a Witness."
Cheuk Wan-chi : In 2013, Chi released her debut feature film as director, the action comedy "Kick Ass Girls", which was financed by Lion Rock Pictures.
Cheuk Wan-chi : On 19 April 2008, which was incidentally the day of Famine 30, Chi released a book of her selected prose, "What is Apple in Chinese?".
Cheuk Wan-chi : In February 2008, Chi was selected to be a World Vision Famine Star, and together with Sammi Cheng and Gigi Leung participated in a charity trip to Laos.
Cheuk Wan-chi : On 3 July 2009, Chi announced, on the programme "Talk of the town", that she would be heading to London to study an art-related course.
Cheuk Wan-chi : On 30 June 2008, during the Radio Television Hong Kong (RTHK) programme "Gimme 5", radio hosts Leung Tak-Fai and Wong Tin-Yee spoke emotionally of Cheuk's departure .
Cheuk Wan-chi : On 19 June 2008, Chi announced that she would leave CRHK two weeks later, that it would only be for a short break and that she would continue her art projects.
Cheuk Wan-chi : In February 2008, Chi collaborated with Taiwan-based FunTown and South Korean developer RHAON to launch the online game "RUNonline", known as "HiYo Run Towards the Sky" in Taiwan, it featured "Fu-Wing" and "Little Fu Sister".
Cheuk Wan-chi : In 2007, Chi directed two short films, "Lost & Found" and "Homo Sapiens".
Cheuk Wan-chi : However, some internet users were of the view that her statement of respect for animal rights was at odds with her wearing fur; and that because she did not apologise for the acts of cruelty to animals (needed to harvest fur), and because she did not openly urge the public to refuse fur, that they could not accept her explanation or apologies.
Lu Ying : Lu Ying (陆滢, Lù Yíng, born 22 January 1989) is a Chinese competitive swimmer.
Lu Ying : She won a silver medal in the women's 100 metre butterfly at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sun Yawei : After winning the 2007 Chinese junior title in the 100 m hurdles, she came third at the World Trials event, improved to second at the Chinese Athletics Championships, then topped the podium at the end of the year at the Chinese City Games.
Kim Jin-soon : Kim Jin-soon (born 5 September 1968) is a South Korean fencer.
Jennifer Abel : Jennifer Abel (born August 23, 1991) is a Canadian diver.
Bianca Walkden : Bianca Walkden (born 29 September 1991) is a United Kingdom British Taekwondo competitor and a member of the GB Taekwondo Academy.
Johanna Beisteiner : Johanna Beisteiner (born 20 February 1976) is an Austrian classical guitarist.
Gabrielle Aplin : Her first major label single titled "Please Don't Say You Love Me" was released on 10 February 2013.
Gabrielle Aplin : The video for the second single from "Light Up the Dark," "Sweet Nothing," was released on 6 August 2015.
Gabrielle Aplin : Gabrielle Ann Aplin (born 1992) is an English singer-songwriter.
Gabrielle Aplin : In 2013, Aplin's record label, Never Fade Records, signed Welsh folk-jazz singer Hannah Grace, who had previously supported Aplin on tour, and indie folk artist Saint Raymond to deals.
Gabrielle Aplin : In April 2011, Aplin was invited to perform for "BBC Introducing" at Maida Vale Studios, where she played three tracks from "Never Fade" and a cover of the Coldplay song "Fix You," which was the most-viewed video on the BBC Introducing YouTube channel.
Naomi Tamura : Naomi Tamura first got into show business a few years after graduating from high school, when her band "STEP" passed an audition for CBS Records.
Luiz Carlos Vieira : Luiz Carlos Vieira Junior (; born July 27, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for São Luiz.
Gabriella Papadakis : Her father is from Korydallos, Greece, and his family has roots in Crete.
Gabriella Papadakis : Their programs, inspired by modern dance, have been described as lyrical, and commentators have frequently acclaimed the quality of their skating skills.
Gabriella Papadakis : With her partner, Guillaume Cizeron, she is the 2018 Olympic silver medalist, a four-time World champion (2015–2016, 2018–2019), a five-time consecutive European champion (2015–2019), the 2017 and 2019 Grand Prix Final champion, and a six-time French national champion (2015–2020).
Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer : Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer (] ; born 9 August 1962), sometimes referred to by her initials of AKK, is a German politician serving as Minister of Defence since July 2019 and former Leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).
Anita Sarkeesian : She received a bachelor's degree in communication studies from California State University, Northridge in 2007 and then earned a master's degree in social and political thought from York University in 2010.
Odeya Rush : In 2013, Rush was named one of Hollywood's 20 up and coming young actresses under 20 to watch by The Midwest TV Guys.
Odeya Rush : Four of them are younger than she is—two sets of twins who live with their parents in Los Angeles, and two older brothers who live in Israel.
Odeya Rush : Before becoming an actress, Rush began her career in her childhood and adolescence when she was discovered as a model in the United States, appearing in major campaigns and advertisements for fashion brands Polo Ralph Lauren, Gap, Tommy Hilfiger and Guess.
Odeya Rush : Her first film role was in 2012, playing Joni Jerome, the best friend of Timothy, in the Peter Hedges-directed Disney film "The Odd Life of Timothy Green".
Odeya Rush : Her first acting roles began in 2010 in "", in the episode "Branded", in which she played the character Hannah Milner; and in the television series "Curb Your Enthusiasm" in the episode "Mister Softee", as Emily.
Xihong Lin : Xihong Lin () is a Chinese-American statistician known for her contributions to mixed models, nonparametric and semiparametric regression, and statistical genetics and genomics.
Xihong Lin : Lin received the COPSS Presidents' Award in 2006, the Spiegelman award of the outstanding health statistician from the American Public Health Association in 2002, and the MERIT Award from the National Cancer Institute (2007-2016).
Hila Lulu Lin : Hila Lin (later Lulu Lin) was born on Kibbutz Mishmar HaEmek.
Hila Lulu Lin : Hila Lulu Lin (Hebrew: הילה לולו לין)  (born November 6, 1964) is an Israeli multi-disciplinary artist, engaged in painting, cinema, poetry, sculpture, visual arts, photography, performance and video art.
Yao Jinnan : She was left out of the Olympic squad for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Wei Yanan : Born in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, she first made her impact as a long-distance runner in 1999 when she broke the Chinese record for the 10 km road distance with a run of 31:49 minutes in Beijing.
Wei Yanan : In December she ran her third marathon within a 40-day period and was much slower (2:45:23), ending up fifth at the Singapore Marathon.
Wei Yanan : Just over two weeks later, she ran at the Shanghai Marathon and took her second marathon victory of the year.
Wei Yanan : The 2005 Seoul Marathon marked a return to form, as she finished second with a time of 2:25:55 hours, but she was slower at the Beijing Marathon and came eleventh (a placing which also served for the 2005 Chinese Games).
Wei Yanan : Wei Yanan (Chinese: 魏亚楠 ; born 6 December 1981 in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province) is a Chinese marathon runner.
Cécilia Cara : She can speak French, Spanish, English and Italian.
Cécilia Cara : Cécilia Cara (born 5 June 1984) is a French actress and singer.
Rafaela Silva : Because they were concerned with fights and violence in the streets, when Rafaela was 7 years old her parents Luiz Carlos and Zenilda Silva signed her up, together with her sister, Raquel, for judo classes at the Institute Reaction, newly fitted at Cidade de Deus the former athlete Flávio Canto.
Yang Junjing : Yang Junjing (; born 15 May 1989 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a female Chinese volleyball player.
Kaori Ishihara : It peaked at 12th place on the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart and stayed on the chart for three weeks.
Sophie, Princess of Prussia : Sophie wedding with Georg Friedrich was conducted in Potsdam's city hall by Mayor Jann Jakobs on 25 August 2011, and the religious wedding took place at the Church of Peace on 27 August 2011, in commemoration of the 950th anniversary of the founding of the House of Hohenzollern.
Sarah Rafferty : Rafferty's husband is Aleksanteri Olli-Pekka Seppälä, an American of Finnish descent, who is a stock research analyst in the asset management unit of Lazard Frères & Company.
Sarah Rafferty : She and her "Suits" co-star Gabriel Macht have been friends for over 27 years.
Sarah Rafferty : They got married on June 23, 2001, at the Roman Catholic church of St. Mary in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Sarah Rafferty : She credits her mother, Mary Lee Rafferty, the Chairwoman of the English Department at Convent of the Sacred Heart school, and her father, Michael Griffin Rafferty Jr., who enjoys two successful careers in finance and oil painting, for cultivating her passion for the arts.
Elizabeth Debicki : Debicki became interested in ballet at an early age and trained as a dancer until deciding to switch to theatre.
Louise Fili : In 2009, she redesigned the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval for its 100th anniversary.
Louise Fili : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Louise Fili : Fili moved to New York City in 1973, interning at the Museum of Modern Art and finishing the last semester of her degree at the School of Visual Arts.
Louise Fili : For over twenty years, Fili has taught at School of Visual Arts, in both the undergraduate and graduate programs as well as the SVA Masters Workshop in Rome every summer.
Louise Fili : This was followed in 2015 by "Graphique de la Rue: The Signs of Paris."
Louise Fili : Fili has authored and co-authored over twenty books, many of them with her husband, the design historian Steven Heller.
Louise Fili : In 2000, she received three James Beard Award nominations, and since 1998 she is an elected member of the Alliance Graphique Internationale.
Louise Fili : She embraced this by sending the message: "If you have a problem with my being female, then I don’t want "you" as a client.” She has designed identities for many New York City eateries such as Pearl Oyster Bar, Picholine, Artisanal, The Mermaid Inn, and Via Carota, and has created packaging for Sarabeth's, Tate's, and Bella Cucina.
Louise Fili : The daughter of Italian schoolteachers, Fili said she was “interested in design before [she] even knew what it was.” As a child she carved letterforms into her walls, designed book covers, and created illuminated manuscripts of Bob Dylan lyrics.
Son Myung-soon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rotraut Susanne Berner : Working as a freelance illustrator, she has focused on books for children and young adults, illustrating more than 80 such books and designing over 800 book covers.
Rotraut Susanne Berner : Rotraut Susanne Berner (born 26 August 1948, in Stuttgart) is a German graphic designer and illustrator.
Susan Wojcicki : Before becoming Google's first marketing manager in 1999, Wojcicki worked in marketing at Intel Corporation in Santa Clara, California, and was a management consultant at Bain & Company and R.B.
Susan Wojcicki : She also received her Master's of Science in economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1993 and a Master of Business Administration from the UCLA Anderson School of Management in 1998.
Patricia Shanil Muluzi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Patricia Shanil Muluzi : Patricia Shanil Muluzi MP (born Patricia Fukulani) is the former First Lady of Malawi and wife of former President Bakili Muluzi.
Margot Day : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margot Day : In 2018, she was playing with Kurtis Knight in a duo called Metamorph.
Wong Ching-po : Wong Ching-Po (; born 1973) is a Hong Kong film director.
Candy Hsu : In January 2012, Candy Hsu started filming in her debut movie, "Kidnapping of a Big Star" (), directed by Zhang Jiabei, notably the director of "Midnight Beating".
Candy Hsu : Candy Hsu (; born 10 February 1998 in Kaohsiung, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter, actress and record producer.
Candy Hsu : In 2006, 8-year-old Candy entered a singer-songwriter contest with the song "Vanilla Kitty", that she composed at the age of 6, in 2004.
Molly Smitten-Downes : Molly was awarded in 2012 the Best Urban/Pop Act at Live and Unsigned and in 2013 won Best Song at the Best of British Unsigned Music Awards.
Molly Smitten-Downes : Molly Alice Smitten-Downes (born 2 April 1987), known by her mononym Molly, is an English singer-songwriter.
Molly Smitten-Downes : In 2009, Smitten-Downes teamed with Swedish producer and singer/songwriter Basshunter, for the collaboration "I Will Learn to Love Again", which is featured on his second UK album "Bass Generation".
Yulia Lipnitskaya : Lipnitskaya's father, Vyacheslav, was drafted into the Russian army while her mother was pregnant, and he chose not to return to the family afterwards.
Yulia Lipnitskaya : Coach Eteri Tutberidze said: "She had repeatedly watched this movie – and she said she wanted to be the girl in the red coat".
Jenna Marbles : Her video "How To Avoid Talking To People You Don't Want To Talk To" was featured in "The New York Times" and "ABC News" in August 2011.
Jenna Marbles : Jenna Nicole Mourey (born September 15, 1986), better known by her pseudonym Jenna Marbles, is an American YouTube personality.
Zhuldyz Eshimova : Zhuldyz Eshimova (born 2 January 1988 in Talas) is a Kyrgyz-born female wrestler who competes for Kazakhstan.
Xiluo Zhuoma : While at Beijing Sport University, she was awarded "Chinese College Student of the Year 2012."
Xiluo Zhuoma : Shelok Dolma also called Xi Luozhuoma or Xiluo Zhuo Ma (born October 24, 1987) is a Tibetan female wrestler from China.
Xiluo Zhuoma : Dolma won a gold medal again at the Asian Wrestling Championships in 2015 which took place at the Aspire Dome in Doha, Qatar.
Satoko Miyahara : "GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix"
Satoko Miyahara : Due to her parents' work, she moved with her family to Houston, Texas when she was five years old and had returned to Kyoto by the age of seven.
Gabby Douglas : Gabrielle Christina Victoria Douglas (born December 31, 1995) is an American artistic gymnast.
Gabby Douglas : Douglas narrowly missed advancing to the all-around final to defend her title despite tallying the third-highest score in the preliminaries, since she was outscored by teammates Biles and Raisman and rules only allow two competitors from one NOC, similar to Wieber four years ago in London.
Sophie Turner : Turner appeared in the television film "The Thirteenth Tale" (2013) and made her feature film debut in "Another Me" (2013).
Sophie Turner : Sophie Belinda Turner was born in Northampton, England on 21 February 1996, the daughter of Sally, a nursery school teacher, and Andrew, who works for a pallet distribution company.
Leyla Aliyeva : Leyla Aliyeva ( , born 3 July 1984) is the first daughter of the President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev.
Elena Kong : Elena Kong May Yee (born 20 September 1971) is a Hong Kong actress, radio DJ, and presenter.
Dewi Persik : Both later filed police reports, with Perez later being brought to trial in May 2011.
Lana Del Rey : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lana Del Rey : The same year, she acted in a short film titled "Poolside", which she made with several friends.
Lana Del Rey : Her sixth studio album, "Norman Fucking Rockwell!
Lana Del Rey : Elizabeth Woolridge Grant (born June 21, 1985), known professionally as Lana Del Rey, is an American singer-songwriter and record producer.
Lana Del Rey : Del Rey was born Elizabeth Woolridge Grant on June 21, 1985 in Manhattan, New York City, to Robert England Grant Jr., a Grey Group copywriter, and Patricia Ann "Pat" (née Hill), an account executive at Grey Group.
Lana Del Rey : Kenneth Partridge of "Billboard" noted this shift in style, writing: "She sings about drugs, cars, money, and the bad boys she's always falling for, and while there remains a sepia-toned mid-century flavor to many of these songs, [Del Rey] is no longer fronting like a thugged-out Bette Davis."
Lana Del Rey : Over the next several months, she released videos of two cover songs: one of Leonard Cohen's "Chelsea Hotel#2", followed by a duet with her then-boyfriend, Barrie-James O'Neill, of Lee Hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra's "Summer Wine".
Lana Del Rey : However, shortly after its release to contemporary hit radio, the label prematurely pulled it and decided to send a different song to that format; on July 2, 2013, a Cedric Gervais remix of Del Rey's "Summertime Sadness" was sent there; a sleeper hit, the song proved to be a success, surpassing "Young and Beautiful", reaching number 6 and becoming her first American top ten hit.
Xi Murong : On 15 October 1943, Xi was born in Sichuan, China.
Xi Murong : She is most famous for her poetry, especially the collections "Qi li xiang" ("Seven-li scent") and "Wuyuan de qingchun" ("Unregrettable Youth").
Jane Levy : On March 3, 2011, Levy married actor Jaime Freitas.
Lisa McAllister : Lisa McAllister (born 21 November 1980) is a Scottish model and actress.
Lisa McAllister : She returned to television in 2010 for a cameo as Anthea, Mycroft Holmes' assistant in "Sherlock" which was described by Caitlin Moran in "The Times" as "one of the deftest comedy cameos of the year".
Kelly Barnes : Barnes also competed in the 1994 Commonwealth Games, where she won a Bronze Medal in the Women's 100m Freestyle S9 event.
Haruna Iikubo : In 2009, Haruna won a special award at the exclusive auditions for the fashion magazine "Love Berry".
Kate Bailey : Katherine "Kate" Bailey (born 13 February 1982 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a Paralympic swimming competitor from Australia.
Anna Salter : Anna Salter is an American psychologist, an internationally recognized expert on sexual predators and mystery novelist.
Anna Salter : Her Masters was in Child Development at Tufts University (1973), and her Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology and Public Practice at Harvard University (1977).
Anna Salter : As of 2011, Salter has also published four mystery novels: "Shiny Water", "Fault Lines", "White Lies" and "Prison Blues".
Anna Salter : "Truth, Lies and Sex Offenders" is for general audiences, and "Sadistic Offenders: How They Think, What They Do" is aimed at professionals and law enforcement.
Xu Yonglai : Xu Yonglai (; born August 16, 1954 –) is a Chinese football player who played for China in the 1980 Asian Cup.
Erin Morgenstern : Erin Morgenstern (born July 8, 1978) is an American multimedia artist and the author of two fantasy novels.
Erin Morgenstern : "The Night Circus" won an Alex Award from the American Library Association, the 2012 Locus Award for Best First Novel, was nominated for the 2011 Goodreads Fantasy Award, and spent seven weeks on "The New York Times" Best Seller list.
Amer Al-Amer : Amer Al-Amer is a Kuwaitian football Forward who played for Kuwait in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Valentina Gunina : Valentina Evgenyevna Gunina ( ; born February 4, 1989 in Murmansk) is a Russian chess grandmaster.
Choi Jung-in : Choi Jung-in (; born December 7, 1980), also known mononymously as Jung-in, is a South Korean singer of Jungle Entertainment.
Choi Jung-in : She would later join the five-member R&B group, G.Fla, consisting of herself, Geol, Jung Soo-young, Jung Hee-young and Kim Ji-in.
Choi Jung-in : The couple's second child, a son, was born on December 13, 2019.
Choi Jung-in : She debuted in Leessang's "Rush" and was once part of the five-member group G.Fla until disbanding after three years.
Ruchi Sanghvi : Sanghvi's personal story was featured on the FWD.us website's "Stories" section.
Ruchi Sanghvi : Sanghvi was listed as one of the founders of FWD.us, a 501(c)(4) lobbying group formed in Silicon Valley to promote immigration reform, improve education, and facilitate technological breakthroughs in the United States.
Ruchi Sanghvi : Ruchi Sanghvi (born 20 January 1982) is an Indian computer engineer.
Ruchi Sanghvi : Sanghvi was awarded a TechFellow "Best Engineering Leadership Award" in 2011 for her work at Facebook.
Ruchi Sanghvi : In 2005, Sanghvi and Agarwal both started working at Facebook.
Ruchi Sanghvi : Sanghvi is an investor and adviser in a number of Silicon Valley companies including cancer drug developer Stemcentrx (acquired by AbbVie Inc. in 2016), workplace collaboration application Asana, and backup and storage service Dropbox (where she used to work).
Ruchi Sanghvi : Sanghvi is married to Aditya Agarwal, who was her colleague at Carnegie Mellon University and later at Facebook, Cove, and Dropbox.
Ruchi Sanghvi : These privacy controls were coded in a hectic 48-hour coding session by Sanghvi and other Facebook engineers including Chris Cox and Andrew Bosworth, and announced in a contrite blog post by Facebook's principal founder Mark Zuckerberg.
Chen Lihua : Chen is married to Chinese actor Chi Zhongrui.
Megumi Takamoto : Maho Ryogakuen Middle School 3-A 1st semester opening ceremony" held on April 23, it was announced that she would play the role of Chao Lingshen in the anime "Negima!
Na Kyung-won : Na Kyung-won (나경원, born 6 December 1963) is a South Korean judge-turned-politician.
Rebecca Zhu : Rebecca Zhu (; born 2 December 1987) is a Chinese-born Hong Kong actress and a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Hong Kong 2011.
Rebecca Zhu : Following her mother's wishes, Zhu started dancing lessons as early as the age of 3, taking Latin dance and Chinese dance courses.
Gracie Gold : Grace Elizabeth Gold (born August 17, 1995), known as Gracie Gold, is an American figure skater.
Ri Chun-hee :  began work onscreen in February 1971, became chief news presenter of KCTV and was consistently on‑air from the mid-1980s onwards.
Wu Yajun : The enterprise grew rapidly thereafter, expanding from her home in Chongqing to include major cities like Chengdu, Beijing, Shanghai, Changzhou and Dalian.
Wu Yajun : As of March 2013 she was the 299th-richest person in the world, and among the top 50 Power-women list by "Forbes", with a net worth of US$4.4 billion.
Patricia Buckley Ebrey : Patricia Buckley Ebrey (born March 7, 1947) is an American historian specializing in cultural and gender issues during the Chinese Song Dynasty.
Li Shaohong : Li was born on 7 July 1955 in Suzhou, Jiangsu, but is considered a native of her ancestral hometown, Wendeng, Shandong, by Chinese convention.
Grace Phipps : She was raised in Boerne, Texas, and San Antonio, Texas, where she graduated from Robert E. Lee High School's North East School of the Arts, where she majored in musical theater and graduated "summa cum laude".
Grace Phipps : Grace Victoria Phipps (born May 4, 1992), also known professionally as Gracie Gillam, is an American actress, singer, and dancer.
Taissa Farmiga : Although Farmiga initially planned to become an accountant, she was persuaded to appear in her sister Vera's directorial debut drama "Higher Ground", playing the 16-year-old version of the lead character Corinne Walker.
Taissa Farmiga : Farmiga was born in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey, on August 17, 1994, the daughter of Ukrainian immigrant parents Lubomyra Spas, a schoolteacher, and Michael Farmiga, a systems analyst.
Taissa Farmiga : Farmiga has also appeared in films such as "The Bling Ring" (2013), "Mindscape" (2013), "At Middleton" (2013), "The Final Girls" (2015), "6 Years" (2015), "In a Valley of Violence" (2016), "Rules Don't Apply" (2016), "What They Had" (2018), "The Long Dumb Road" (2018), "The Nun" (2018), and "The Mule" (2018).
Valérie Trierweiler : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Valérie Trierweiler : Massonneau studied history and political science and obtained a Diplôme d'études supérieures spécialisées in political science from the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne.
Valérie Trierweiler : Valérie Trierweiler (] ; née Massonneau; born 16 February 1965) is a French journalist and author.
Yoon Ji-min : Yoon Ji-min (born Yoon Ji-young on October 23, 1977) is a South Korean actress and model.
Courtney Stodden : The same year, she made her feature film debut in the independent film "Love Addict".
Montana Cox : Montana Cox (born 2 September 1993) is an Australian model, best known for being the winner of cycle 7 of "Australia's Next Top Model".
Montana Cox : In February 2014, Cox walked as a Givenchy exclusive at Paris Fashion Week Fall 2014.
Montana Cox : At Paris Fashion Week Fall 2012, she walked for 11 shows including Andrew Gn, Cacharel, Carven, Chanel, Christian Dior, Kenzo, Lanvin, Mugler, Sacai and closed Felipe Oliveira Baptista and Vanessa Bruno.
Montana Cox : In May 2012, Cox walked for Chanel's 2013 Cruise presentation in Versailles.
Xie Na : On February 1, 2018, she gave birth to twin daughters.
Lindsey Stirling : Stirling's collaborations with other musicians and singers have included Amy Lee (Evanescence) ("Love Goes On And On"), Shaun Barrowes ("Don't Carry It All" – The Decemberists), Jake Bruene and Frank Sacramone ("Party Rock Anthem" – LMFAO), Tay Zonday ("Mama Economy"), Peter Hollens ("Skyrim", "A Thousand Years", "Game of Thrones" and "Star Wars"), Lzzy Hale ("Shatter Me"), Alisha Popat ("We Found Love"), John Allred ("Tomb"), Amiee Proal ("A Thousand Years"), Megan Nicole ("Starships"), The Piano Guys ("Mission Impossible"), Debi Richards (née Johanson) ("River Flows in You", "Phantom of the Opera"), Sam Tsui ("Heads Up"), Tyler Ward ("I Knew You Were Trouble", Thrift Shop"), Kurt Hugo Schneider ("Pokemón Dubstep Remix" and "A Thousand Years"), John Legend ("All of Me"), Chester See ("I Knew You Were Trouble"), and Pentatonix ("Radioactive", "Papaoutai").
Ingeborg Schwenzer : The Global Sales Law Project is a project of comparative law in the field of sales law and contract law.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : In addition to that, she also has a great interest in arbitration and, in particular, in university didactics.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : The distinct advantage of the Model Family Code as opposed to the continuous small changes undertaken in domestic family codes consists in it being an all-encompassing consistent codification.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : According to Schwenzer’s list of publications (as of February 2017), Schwenzer has published 17 monographs, has edited more than 40 books, and written more than 200 articles and contributions to commentaries.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : Ingeborg Schwenzer (born 25 October 1951, Stuttgart) is a German jurist and professor for private and comparative law at the University of Basel, Switzerland.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : The authors based their work on the doctoral theses of Mohamed Hafez (Arabia and the Middle East), Natia Lapiashvili (Eastern Europe and Central Asia), Edgardo Muñoz (Latin America), Jean Alain Penda Matipe (Central and Southern Africa), and Sophia Juan Yang (Southeast Asia).
Ingeborg Schwenzer : Since the first Willem C. Vis Moot in 1994, Schwenzer participates in the role of arbitrator at this competition which takes place in Vienna every year and which is the world’s largest international moot competition on arbitration.
Ingeborg Schwenzer : Over the years, Schwenzer was visiting professor at various institutions: 1994–2002 at the Europainstitut, Basel, Switzerland; 2008 at the Université de Paris Val-de-Marne, France; 2009 at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand; 2010 at Loyola University Chicago, USA; 2011 at the University of Buea, Cameroon; also in 2011 at the İstanbul Bilgi Üniversitesi, Turkey; 2012 at the University of Ankara, Turkey; also in 2012 at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná, Brazil; 2013 at the Universitetet i Oslo, Norway; 2014 at Griffith University, Australia; 2015 at Dar Al-Hekma University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Yoshino Nanjō : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Parineeti Chopra : Parineeti Chopra (] ; born 22 October 1988) is an Indian actress and singer who appears in Hindi films.
Eva Badura-Skoda : Eva Badura-Skoda ( Halfar, 15 January 1929 – 8 January 2021) was a German-born Austrian musicologist.
Li Xueying : Li Xueying (; born May 15, 1990 in Henan) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Kristen Anderson-Lopez : Kristen Anderson-Lopez (born March 21, 1972) is an American songwriter and lyricist known for co-writing the songs for the 2013 animated film "Frozen" with her husband Robert Lopez.
Iggy Azalea : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Iggy Azalea : She began a relationship with Los Angeles Lakers basketball player Nick Young in November 2013.
Kim Un-ju : Kim Un-ju (born 11 November 1989) is a North Korean weightlifter, and former world record holder competing in the 75 kg category until 2018 and 87 kg starting in 2018 after the International Weightlifting Federation reorganized the categories.
Rosemary Vandenbroucke : In 2010, Vandenbroucke was arrested while attending the Burning Man festival near Reno, Nevada, facing misdemeanor and felony charges.
Zhou Lulu : Zhou Lulu (; born March 19, 1988) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Lena Lotzen : Lena Lotzen (born 11 September 1993) is a former German football forward who last played for 1.
Lena Lotzen : She made her debut for the senior national team on 29 February 2012 against Iceland in the 2012 Algarve Cup.
Haruna Yabuki : In the level Graniny Gorki Lab of the PlayStation 2 video game Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, there is a poster of Haruna Yabuki.
Fu Mingtian : Fu became the first female Singaporean player to win the Southeast Asian Games women's singles badminton Gold medal in 2011 at the 26th SEA Games in Indonesia.
Ryohei Hayashi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Azealia Banks : Azealia Amanda Banks ( ; born May 31, 1991) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and actress.
Hideto Takahashi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Seung-in : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Seung-in : Choi Seung-in (born March 5, 1991) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Busan IPark.
Zhao Yihuan : Zhao Yihuan (born 29 October 1987), also known as Chloe Zhao, is a Chinese actress and model.
Oh Seung-hoon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ho-nam : Kim Ho-nam (; born June 14, 1989) is a South Korean football player who plays for Incheon United.
Melanie Leupolz : Melanie Leupolz (born 14 April 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chelsea of the FA Women's Super League and the Germany national team.
Hui Ruoqi : Hui is the alumnus of Nanjing No.29 Middle School and Nanjing Normal University.
Hui Ruoqi : Hui Ruoqi (; born 4 March 1991) is a former female Chinese volleyball player.
Yuanling Yuan : Yuanling Yuan (born 3 June 1994) is a Canadian chess player and entrepreneur.
Maren Ade : Ade lives with director and their two children in Berlin.
Maren Ade : In 2009, her second film "Everyone Else" celebrated its world premiere in the Official Competition section of the Berlin International Film Festival, where it received the Silver Bear for Best Film (Jury Grand Prix) and the Best Actress Silver Bear for Birgit Minichmayr.
Luo Zilin : Luo Zilin, or commonly known in English as Roseline (; born June 6, 1987 in Shanghai, China), is a Chinese fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe China in July 2011.
Jia Nailiang : Jia Nailiang (, born 12 April 1984) is a Chinese actor.
Jia Nailiang : In October 2019, Li was revealed to have shot three intimate videos with rapper , who was revealed to have been her lover in 2017.
Jia Nailiang : Jia ranked 50th on "Forbes" China Celebrity 100 list 2015, 33rd in 2017, and 96th in 2019.
Ivy Chen : Ivy Chen Yi-han (; born 12 November 1982) is a Taiwanese actress.
Ivy Chen : In 2002, she appeared in the Taiwanese variety show "Guess" and was a contestant in the "Do Not Judge a Book by Its Cover" (人不可貌相) segment.
Ivy Chen : In August 2018, Chen married Taiwanese director Hsu Fu-hsiang.
Estavana Polman : On 27 December 2016, they announced that they are expecting a child.
Estavana Polman : She represented the Netherlands in younger age categories as well and collected the silver medal at the 2011 Women's 19 European Handball Championship.
Xu Mo : She plays on the Chinese national team and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.
Wei Qiuxiang : Wei Qiuxiang (born 15 February 1986) is a Chinese handball player.
Li Yao : She plays on the Chinese national team, and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.
Zhao Jiaqin : Zhao Jiaqin (born 1986) is a Chinese handball player.
Edgar Denis : Edgar Antonio Denis Ayala (born 11 December 1969 in Asunción, Paraguay), known as Edgar Denis, is a former Paraguayan footballer who played for Clubs of Paraguay, Argentina and Chile.He played for the Paraguay national football team in the Copa América Uruguay 1995.
Malala Yousafzai : In August 2015, she received 6 A*s and 4 As at GCSE level.
Malala Yousafzai : That month, after criticising militants at a press conference, Yousafzai's father received a death threat over the radio by a Pakistani Taliban commander.
Malala Yousafzai : After the shooting, Yousafzai was airlifted to a military hospital in Peshawar, where doctors were forced to begin operating after swelling developed in the left portion of her brain, which had been damaged by the bullet when it passed through her head.
Malala Yousafzai : Malala Yousafzai (Pashto pronunciation: ] ; born 12 July 1997), often referred to mononymously as Malala, is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest Nobel Prize laureate.
Yan Meizhu : Yan Meizhu (; born 28 January 1989) is a Chinese handball player.
Yan Meizhu : Playing on the Chinese national team, she competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where China placed sixth.
Laura Dekker : A family court judgment was obtained that placed Dekker in shared parental custody with the Council for Child Care who stopped her departure.
Lüqiu Luwei : Lüqiu Luwei (, born 19 September 1969), also known as Rose Luqiu, is a Chinese television journalist and the executive news editor for Phoenix Television .
Sunny Xie : Sunny Xie (; born November 28, 1990) is a female Mandarin Chinese singer born in Wuhan, China.
Eteri Tutberidze : Her mother was a senior engineer at the Ministry of Agricultural Construction and her father worked at the Likhachev plant's foundry and as a taxi driver.
Sim Hae-in : Sim Hae-in (born 31 October 1987) is a Korean handball player for Busan and the South Korean national team.
Kumi Mori : She plays on the Japanese national team, and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.
Mayuko Ishitate : She participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.
Tee Jing Yi : Tee Jing Yi (born 8 February 1991 in George Town, Penang) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Shoma Doi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shota Kawanishi : Shota Kawanishi (川西 翔太, born October 28, 1988) is a Japanese football player for FC Gifu on loan from Oita Trinita.
Lee Ho-seung : Lee Ho-Seung (; born December 21, 1989) is a South Korean football player who plays for Jeonnam Dragons.
Tong Liya : Tong Liya (Chinese:佟丽娅, born 8 August 1984) is a Chinese actress of Xibe ethnicity.
Benedicta Boccoli : Benedicta Boccoli (born 11 November 1966) is an Italian theater and movie actress.
Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría : On 18 October 2018 she was appointed member of the Council of State, the supreme consultative body for the Spanish Government, assuming office on 8 November 2018.
Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría : María Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría Antón (born 10 June 1971) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of the Presidency from 2011 to 2018.
Veronica Roth : Her parents divorced when she was five years old, and her mother has since remarried to Frank Ross, a financial consultant for landscaping companies.
Caitlin Friend : After the WSL 2014 season, the Australian striker returned to Australia to play for Melbourne Victory after a year with Notts County.
Qi Wei : Their baby daughter named Lucky was born in January 2015.
Qi Wei : Qi Wei (; born 26 October 1985), also known as Stephy Qi, is a Chinese singer and actress.
Park Mi-sun : Park Mi-sun (born March 10, 1967) is a South Korean comedian and TV host of variety shows, notably "Quiz to Change the World", "Happy Together - Season 3", and "We Got Married".
Maryam Nawaz : Maryam Nawaz Sharif ( ; born 28 October 1973), also known as Maryam Safdar, is a Pakistani politician and the daughter of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif.
Chai Jing : In 2015 she was also named one of Time Magazine's 100 most influential people.
Chai Jing : Chai Jing (; born on January 1, 1976) is a Chinese journalist, former television host, author and environmental activist.
Dinara Kulibaeva : Despite not being a public figure, she is the fourth-richest person in Kazakhstan, with a fortune estimated to be around $1.3 billion.
Dinara Kulibaeva : Dinara Nursultanqyzy Nazarbayeva ( , born 19 August 1967) is a Kazakh businesswoman and the middle daughter of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
Maria Cavaco Silva : She was teaching there during her husband's term as Prime Minister of Portugal (from 1985 to 1995)
Maria Cavaco Silva : Maria Alves da Silva Cavaco Silva (born 19 March 1938, in São Bartolomeu de Messines) is the wife of Aníbal Cavaco Silva, the 19th President of the Portuguese Republic and, as such, was the First Lady of Portugal from 2006 until 2016.
Akiko Sudo : Sudo was born in Kokubunji on 7 April 1984.
Yico Zeng : Zeng however denied the charge, saying all of her songs were original.
Yico Zeng : On 10 July 2011, she released her second album "A Cat's Travel - Forever 21", followed by a third one, "The Flying Thief", on 20 May 2013.
Yico Zeng : In March 2010, she joined Wang Lee Hom's movie "Love in Disguise" as a music school student; she also wrote and sang the theme song "Night Train".
Andy McAvoy : Andy McAvoy (born 28 August 1979) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Blackburn Rovers, Hartlepool United, Macclesfield Town and Limerick F.C.
Caity Lotz : Lotz has modelled for "Men's Health" and "Esquire", the latter in conjunction with the website "Me in My Place".
Caity Lotz : In 2011, Lotz starred as Officer Kirsten Landry, one of the main characters in the MTV horror, black comedy mockumentary series "Death Valley".
Caity Lotz : In May 2014, she reprised her role as Stephanie in the seventh season of "Mad Men".
Caity Lotz : Caitlin Marie Lotz (born December 30, 1986) is an American actress, dancer and singer.
Caity Lotz : In 2012, Lotz had roles in "Live at the Foxes Den", "Battle of the Year" alongside Josh Holloway and alongside Casper Van Dien and Agnes Bruckner in the supernatural thriller "The Pact", which débuted at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and has been picked up for distribution.
Caity Lotz : Lotz started her career as a dancer, touring with Avril Lavigne and Lady Gaga, and starring in music videos including Lady Gaga's "Paparazzi", David Guetta and Estelle's "One Love", Selena Gomez's "Tell Me Something I Don't Know", T-Pain's "Freeze", JoJo's "Baby It's You", Cascada's "Evacuate the Dancefloor", Kaci Brown's "Instigator", and Wang Leehom's "Gai Shi Ying Xiong".
Caity Lotz : In 2006, the group released their debut single "From Dusk Till Dawn (Get the Party Started)", which they followed up in 2007 with the single "Scream Out Loud", both of which reached the top 10 in Germany.
Sunmi : Countdown".
Sunmi : Her single "Pporappippam" was released on June 29.
Sunmi : She debuted in 2007 as a member of South Korean girl group Wonder Girls and left the group in 2010 to pursue an academic career.
Sunmi : Subsequently, her debut extended play "Full Moon" was released on February 17, 2014 along with the promotional single of the same name.
Sunmi : On July 22, she was selected as the exclusive model of "요괴미식가" (the Korean version of Yokai Kitchen) created by FriendTimes, in the TV commercial of the game, she played a gourmet who enjoyed cooking in the mysterious spirit realm restaurant.
Jessie Andrews : Andrews was active in the adult film industry from 2010 to 2015, where she was honored with several Acting Awards for her performance in "Portrait of a Call Girl", as well as Best New Starlet awards.
Jessie Andrews : Jessie Andrews (born March 22, 1992) is a retired adult film actress, designer, producer, model, DJ, entrepreneur and photographer.
Hassnain Abbas : Hassnain Abbas (born 15 October 1990) is a Pakistani footballer who plays as a midfielder for WAPDA.
Hiromi Ikeda : She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003, 2007 World Cups, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Francesca Michielin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Francesca Michielin : After listening to Adele's debut album "19", Michielin started writing her own songs on piano.
Francesca Michielin : In January 2017, Michielin announced through her Twitter account that she had started working in the studio on her third album, the title of which was later announced as "2640".
Francesca Michielin : Thanks to her brother, she developed an interest in rock music, and she later focused on artists like Bon Iver, Jeff Buckley and Damien Rice.
Francesca Michielin : Michielin was born in Bassano del Grappa, to Vanna Moro and Tiziano Michielin.
Mami Naito : The BWF Superseries, which was launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Natalya Radina : She spent four months in hiding in Moscow before receiving asylum from Poland, where she now lives.
Natalya Radina : She was told not to leave Kobrin and to check in daily with police; in addition, her passport was confiscated, and she was forbidden to speak about her case.
Natalya Radina : Natalya Radina (also Natalya Radzina, , born 3 May 1979 in Kobrin) is a Belarusian journalist and the editor-in-chief of the independent news site "Charter 97", which publishes many articles critical of the rule of Belarusian president Aleksandr Lukashenko.
Natalya Radina : In her acceptance speech, Radina blamed "foreign indifference" for the continued dictatorship of Lukashenko and called on foreign governments to remember that "all of Belarus today is a big prison".
Sanam Saeed : She married her childhood friend, Farhan Hassan, who is a banker from Karachi, on 2 January 2015.
Rika Hoshimi : Produce and debuted on June 13, 2014 with "Hyper Super Star Rika Hoshimi", directed by Zack Arai.
Brooklyn Lee : Brooklyn Lee (born June 1, 1989) is an American former pornographic actress.
Eriko Nakamura : On November 19, 2019, Nakamura announced that she had gotten married.
Eriko Nakamura : This is a game work that will become THE iDOLM@STER series and will continue to play Haruka Amami for more than 10 years, but at the time it was an audition to put it in a company competition saying `` A prototype is not famous for a child who is not famous, and the title was decided had not.
Eriko Nakamura : In October 2014, she was appointed as Tokushima Anime Ambassador.
Eriko Nakamura : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Kexin : Zhang Kexin (; born October 17, 1995) is a Chinese former figure skater.
Zhang Kexin : She finished 7th at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France, giving China two ladies' singles berths for the 2013 event, for the first time since 1997.
Ai Takabe : In 2017, Takabe married a well-respected attorney.
Ai Takabe : Takabe graduated from Horikoshi High School in 2007.
Ai Takabe : On March 30, 2016, the Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office (PPO) dropped the charges against her.
Ai Takabe : In May 2005, she won the Grand Prix award at the 1st Miss WPB Contest.
Ai Takabe : On October 15, 2015, Ai Takabe was arrested for alleged cocaine possession, effectively ending her acting career.
Ai Takabe : The following month, she joined , an idol group composed of Japan Bishōjo Contest winners (8th through 10th).
Cui Jie : Cui Jie is represented by LEO XU PROJECTS and Mother's Tankstation, Dublin.
Cui Jie : The theme of Chinese industry and the role of the worker, for instance, appears in her repeated subjects of government buildings, extending her works into the realm of political commentary on Mao era socialism, nationalism, and collectivist propaganda while also speaking to contemporary building practices of rapid urbanization: the razing of village and suburban communities to erect residential and commercial districts.
Cui Jie : Cui Jie's works have been exhibited worldwide, including at The 4th Prague Biennale (2009), "“Poetic Realism: An Reinterpretation of Jiangnan—Contemporary Art from South China”" (Madrid, 2008), "Notes of Conception" (Beijing, 2008).
María Cristina Caballero : In 1999, she was awarded the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists.
María Cristina Caballero : María Cristina Caballero is a Colombian journalist known for her coverage of organized crime, corruption, and paramilitary forces.
María Cristina Caballero : As a female journalist working in a culture that valued "machismo", she has said that she was initially given poorer quality assignments, but overcame this obstacle by investigating "key issues" on her own time and becoming a "happy workaholic".
María Cristina Caballero : Caballero holds a bachelor's degree in Communications and Journalism from Javeriana University as well as a Master's in public administration from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, where she was a Mason Fellow.
María Cristina Caballero : Her articles have also appeared in "The New York Times", "Newsweek", CNN Interactive, "The Boston Globe", "The Miami Herald", and the "International Herald Tribune", as well as "Columbia Journalism Review" and "Nieman Reports".
Katy Kung : Katy Kung (born 5 December 1989) is a Hong Kong actress under the contract of TVB.
Katy Kung : Kung gained recognition for playing the role of Ko Yee-nga in the 2011 TVB television drama "Bottled Passion", Kung won the TVB Best Supporting Actress for her performance in "Two Steps From Heaven" in 2016.
Tian Yunzhang : Tian Yunzhang (田蕴章;born May 1, 1945 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese calligrapher and a calligraphy professor of Nankai University.
Gong Linna : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gong Linna : In April 2002, Gong met German composer Robert Zollitsch in Beijing.
Gong Linna : In 1992 she enrolled at the Secondary School Affiliated to China Conservatory of Music, where she studied national vocal music under Zou Wenqin.
Kelly Cheung : School in Chicago and later graduated from University of Illinois at Chicago with a degree in business administration.
Kelly Cheung : Cheung joins TVB after abdicated from Miss Chinese International in January 2013 and joins Dolce Vita on and Pearl Entertainment Tonight on English language TVB Pearl Jade, as well as the Scoop (TVB) (東張西望) as one of the hosts.
Kelly Cheung : Cheung represented Hong Kong, China at Miss World 2012 in Ordos, Inner Mongolia, marking the first time a Miss Chinese International titleholder represents Hong Kong at Miss World instead of a Miss Hong Kong Pageant titleholder.
Chan Hao-ching : Chan reached the final of the mixed-doubles competition at Wimbledon with Max Mirnyi in 2014, her first Grand Slam final.
Chan Hao-ching : Chan Hao-ching (; Taiwanese ] ; born September 19, 1993), also known as Angel Chan, is a professional tennis player representing Taiwan (Chinese Taipei).
Susan Close : Close earned a PhD in political science at Flinders University where she had studied French, Italian and biology as well as politics in her BA.
Jessica Korda : <nowiki>*</nowiki>
Jessica Korda : Position in Women's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year.
Jessica Korda : LPGA Tour playoff record (2-0)
Jessica Korda : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013.
Jessica Korda : After rounds of 72-70-73-74, her victory came on the second hole of a six-person playoff.
Jessica Korda : Korda entered LPGA Tour Qualifying School in the fall of 2010 as a 17-year-old.
Jessica Korda : She represented the Czech Republic in the World Amateur Team Championship Espirito Santo Trophy in 2006, and represented the United States in 2010, finishing tied for 4th.
Yōko Teppōzuka : She has been working as a stage actor in addition to her voice activity, as she was enrolled in a long time presided over by Nachi Nozawa, as the seat theater companies rose.
Shaikha Dheya bint Ebrahim Al Khalifa : Shaikha Dheya is the President of the Riyada Group of Companies which includes, Riyada Investment (President), Riyada Development (President),Sun Capital Investment where she currently resides as a member of the Board.
Tan Jing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tan Jing : In January 2017, she participated in Hunan Television's "Singer 2017", as one of the 1st round competitors, until her sudden withdrawal on February 25, 2017.
Tan Jing : Tan held a successful solo concert of army songs at the Beijing Workers' Stadium in 2004.
Tan Jing : After graduating from the Vocal Music Department of the Chinese Conservatory of Music in 1998, she was admitted to the Song and Dance Ensemble of the People's Liberation Army.
Tan Jing : Her international breakthrough came in 2006, when she performed a solo concert at the Golden Hall in Vienna, Austria.
Hyolyn : She is a former member of the South Korean girl group Sistar and their sub-unit Sistar19.
Hyolyn : Kim Hyo-jung was born on December 11, 1990, in Incheon, South Korea.
Hyolyn : Kim Hyo-jung (Korean:  ; born December 11, 1990), better known by her stage name Hyolyn (효린), is a South Korean singer and songwriter, now under the management of her own self-started production company Bridʒ.
Hyolyn : On June 3, 2010, Hyolyn made her debut as a member of Sistar on KBS' "Music Bank" with their debut single, "Push Push".
Umika Kawashima : She graduated from the Faculty of Arts and Letters at Meiji University with a degree in psychology in 2016.
Umika Kawashima : She was scouted in Shibuya when she was in 6th grade and joined Lespros Entertainment.
Umika Kawashima : In 2007 she joined the female idol group 9nine, however she announced her graduation from the group in 2016 to focus on her acting career.
Umika Kawashima : Since 2006, Kawashima has appeared in numerous television dramas and movies.
Rowena Webster : Her water polo club is the Richmond Tigers.
Rowena Webster : Rowena Evelyn Webster (born 27 December 1987), known as Rowie Webster, is an Australian water polo centre back and a two-time Olympian.
Glencora Ralph : She attended the Curtin University of Technology and is a dental therapist.
Glencora Ralph : Ralph was born on 8 August 1988 in Geraldton, Western Australia.
Jane Moran : Jane Moran (born 6 June 1985) is an Australian water polo player.
Melissa Rippon : Melissa Alison Rippon (born 20 January 1981 in Sydney) is an Australian water polo player.
Melissa Rippon : Her sister is Rebecca Rippon and her step-sister is Kate Gynther, both of whom have been members of Australia's national water polo team and competed at the Olympics.
Ashleigh Southern : Ashleigh Southern (born 22 October 1992 in Ingham, Queensland) is an Australian water polo player.
Kate Gynther : Her step-sisters are Rebecca Rippon and Melissa Rippon, both of whom have played for the Australian women's national water polo team.
Kate Gynther : Kate Maree Gynther (born 5 July 1982) is an Australian water polo player.
Bronwen Knox : She attended Hartwick College and Griffith University, earning a Bachelor of Biomedical Science, and works as a laboratory assistant.
Bronwen Knox : Bronwen Knox (born 16 April 1986) is an Australian water polo centre back/centre forward.
Gemma Beadsworth : She has a brother, Jamie Beadsworth, who also represented Australia in water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics as centre forward.
Nadia Lun : She appeared in the Hong Kong gameshow All Star Glam Exam in 2011, along with Suyen Cheung, Candy Chang, and Nicole Wan as a Star Lady.
Alicia McCormack : Alicia McCormack (born 7 June 1983 in Helensburgh, New South Wales) is an Australian water polo goalkeeper.
Suet Nei : Hung Suet-nei (Chinese: 熊雪妮), known as Suet Nei or Suet Nay (Chinese: 雪妮) is a Hong Kong actress born in 1945, Hong Kong.
Jun Hyo-seong : On October 29, it was announced that Hyoseong would return to the entertainment industry as she signed with Tommy & Partners Entertainment after an ongoing legal battle with TS Entertainment.
Jun Hyo-seong : In 2007, she was going to debut in the group Five Girls, with G.NA, Wonder Girls' Yubin, After School's Uee and former T-ara member and former Spica member Yang Jiwon; however, the group disbanded before they were able to debut due to the company's financial problems.
Amandla Stenberg : Woods, and published in November 2015.
Amandla Stenberg : Amandla Stenberg (born October 23, 1998) is an American actress and singer.
Amandla Stenberg : Stenberg co-wrote the comic book "Niobe: She is Life" with Sebastian Jones, which was illustrated by Ashley A.
Amandla Stenberg : Amandla Stenberg was born in Los Angeles, California, the child of Karen Brailsford, an African-American spiritual counselor and writer, and Tom Stenberg, who is Danish.
Amandla Stenberg : In 2013, Stenberg began performing on the violin and singing harmonies at Los Angeles venues with singer-songwriter Zander Hawley.
Ko Jung-sun : Ko Jung-sun (born 6 August 1971) is a South Korean fencer.
Jung Ha-na : On 11 December 2012, at 2am, Hana was involved in a car accident with the other Secret members, breaking her ribs and bruising one of her lungs.
Jung Ha-na : Jung Ha-na (born February 2, 1990), better known by her former stage name Zinger and mononymously as Hana, is a South Korea singer and actress.
Win Win Myint : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Win Win Myint : Win Win Myint ( ), who uses the pen name Ma Kyee Tan (Loikaw), is a Burmese writer and poet.
Zhang Jiqing : Invited by Pai Hsien-yung, Zhang Jiqing became the art director of the Peony Pavilion of the youth version in 2003.
Lee Wai Sze : Lee captured the attention of Hong Kong when she won gold at the 500-meter time trial track cycling event at the 2010 Asian Games, in which she broke the Asian Record in winning the championship with a time of 33.945 s. Lee also won a bronze in the sprint event.
Cilla Kung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cilla Kung : Cilla Kung also known as Lok Tung (樂瞳), birth name is Gung Sin-tung (龔茜彤), born in 1986, is a Hong Kong actress, singer, and model.
Cilla Kung : On 14 June 2017, her 10 year contract with TVB ended and she did not renew her contract.
Nam Bo-ra : Nam Bo-ra (; born November 27, 1989) is a South Korean actress.
Rosa Salazar : Salazar has enjoyed entertaining others since the age of 15 and became serious about becoming an actress after moving to New York City as a young adult, where she worked with CollegeHumor.
Kitty Yuen : Kitty Yuen (; born 23 November 1970) is a Hong Kong radio DJ, television host and actress.
Lin Jiamei : Until the 1980s, she held positions as a pediatrician at the Hubei Provincial Hospital, the vice-president of the Wuhan Women and Children's Health Institute, a committee member on the State Council Family Planning Commission, and chief of the Women and Children's Health Bureau in the Ministry of Health.
Charli XCX : She divides her time between London and Los Angeles.
Charli XCX : Charlotte Emma Aitchison (born 2 August 1992), known professionally as Charli XCX, is an English singer, songwriter, and music video director.
Charli XCX : I love music that's black, pink, purple or red—but I hate music that's green, yellow or brown."
Charli XCX : Charli XCX's influences include Avril Lavigne, Britney Spears, Shampoo, No Doubt, t.A.T.u., the Donnas, Bikini Kill, Martika, Belinda Carlisle, the Cure, the Feminine Complex, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Donna Summer, Marilyn Manson, Bread, the Spice Girls, All Saints, Uffie, Brooke Candy, Lil Wayne, Kate Bush, "Twin Peaks", Paris Hilton, Justice, Crystal Castles, Calvin Harris, Björk, Quentin Tarantino and Siouxsie Sioux.
Alexis Knapp : Alexis Knapp (born July 31, 1989) is an American actress.
Alexis Knapp : Knapp was born in Avonmore, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Marjorie and Bradford Elwood Knapp.
Naoko Otani : She published a collection of nude photos while pregnant.
Naoko Otani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eva Chen : Eva Yi-Hwa Chen, usually referred to as Eva Chen, is a Taiwanese businessperson and the co-founder and CEO of Trend Micro, the world's largest security firm.
Anne Brooks : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Sae-byul : Park Saebyul (; born October 24, 1985) is a South Korean indie singer-songwriter.
Murielle Ahouré : Murielle Ahouré (born 23 August 1987) is an Ivorian sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres.
Jang Kuk-chol : Jang Kuk-chol (born 16 February 1994) is a North Korean international football centre back, currently playing club football for Hwaebul in the DPR Korea Premier Football League.
Aimee Carrero : Carrero was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic to a Dominican mother and a Puerto Rican father but grew up in Miami, Florida.
Aimee Carrero : She is an alumna of Florida International University graduating in 2008 with a degree in International Relations.
Aimee Carrero : That same year, she made her Off-Broadway debut in Atlantic Theater Company's world premiere play, "What Rhymes with America" in December 2012.
Aimee Carrero : Aimee Carrero (born July 15, 1988) is a Dominican-American actress and singer, who is primarily known for providing the voices of She-Ra in the Netflix animated series "She-Ra and the Princesses of Power," and Princess Elena on the Disney Channel animated series "Elena of Avalor".
Aimee Carrero : In January 2015, it was announced that Carrero will be providing the voice of Elena, Disney's first Latina fairy tale princess for the Disney Channel series "Elena of Avalor".
Gaston Castaño : Cristian Gaston Castaño (born June 8, 1985) is an Argentine football striker who is currently play in Persela Lamongan.
Gaston Castaño : They divorced in 2016, but remained close until her death from cervical cancer in June 2017.
Sahle-Work Zewde : She is fluent in Amharic, French, and English.
Amina Mohamed : Amina Chawahir Mohamed Jibril ( ; ) (born 5 October 1961) is a Kenyan lawyer, diplomat and politician.
Marko Krasić : Marko Krasić (; born 1 December 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who currently plays for Serbian club Sloga Kraljevo.
Chinatsu Akasaki : She won the Nippon Cultural Broadcasting Award, 81 Produce Award and Alchemist Award on Voice Newtype Summer Audition 2008.
Chinatsu Akasaki : She gave birth to her first child (male) on August 10, 2020.
Frances Adamson : Adamson joined the Australian Public Service in 1985. .
Mari Yamazaki : The live-action film "Thermae Romae" was released in April 2012 and its sequel "Thermae Romae II" came out in 2014.
Vanessa Ray : Vanessa Ray Liptak (born June 24, 1981) is an American actress and singer.
Vanessa Ray : In March 2015, Vanessa announced on Instagram and Twitter that she was engaged to her boyfriend of six years, Landon Beard.
Monica Mok : She was nominated for the Best New Performer award at the 28th Hong Kong Film Awards for her role in the film "Ocean Flame".
Trixie Whitley : With Chris Whitley
Cara Delevingne : Her maternal grandfather was publishing executive and English Heritage chairman Sir Jocelyn Stevens, the nephew of magazine publisher Sir Edward George Warris Hulton and the grandson of newspaper proprietor Sir Edward Hulton, 1st Baronet.
Mui Siu-ching : Mui Siu-ching (, born September 27, 1953) is a Hong Kong television producer for a long time associated with television station TVB, beginning her career as a producer with rival broadcaster ATV she moved to TVB in 1987 and has since then been responsible for numerous series including well received series such as The Breaking Point, The Legendary Ranger, Where the Legend Begins, Family Man, Shine on You, the Forensic Heroes franchise, Beyond the Realm of Conscience & Deep in the Realm of Conscience.
Samantha Ko : Samantha Ko Hoi-ling (; born January 13, 1987 in Nanjing) is a Chinese born former Miss Hong Kong contestant, actress and model, based in Hong Kong.
Astrid Chan : In 2003, Astrid married Adonis Kam Wing Cheung in the United Kingdom while pregnant with daughter, Antonia Cheung (張珈瑋).
Astrid Chan : She acted for TVB first in the late 1990s, then switched to ATV in the early 2000s then switched back to TVB.
Astrid Chan : Astrid Chan (born 8 July 1969 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actress and host.
Oana Niculescu-Mizil : In October 2016, her three-year suspended sentence was reduced to one year.
Lily Ho Ngo Yee : Ho is a Miss Hong Kong 2007 contestant and winner of Miss Tourism Ambassador.
Griselda Yeung : While her sister graduated from "TVB Acting Class", she joined Miss Hong Kong 2001 and received the Creative Cooperation Award with her group.
Kim Go-eun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Go-eun : Kim Go-eun (; born July 2, 1991) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Kim Go-eun : The series hailed as one of the most anticipated series in the first half of 2020 due to its ensemble cast, renowned screenwriter, extensive publicity and more than 30 billion Won (US$25 million) production budget, setting a record on its first episode for SBS's highest Friday-Saturday drama premiere ratings and maintaining the No.1 spot on the weekly Wavve drama chart for eight consecutive weeks, but receiving criticisms for its screenplay, direction and performances leading to lower-than-expected domestic popularity in Korea compared to previous works by Kim Eun-sook.
Kim Go-eun : In 1994, at the age of three, Kim moved with her family to Beijing, China, and lived there for 10 years which led to her becoming fluent in Mandarin.
Shanshan Feng : LPGA Tour playoff record (0–3)
Shanshan Feng : Feng was born in Guangzhou, in the province of Guangdong, and started playing golf at age 10 at the urging of her father, Feng Xiong, who worked at the golf association in their hometown.
Shanshan Feng : While still an amateur, Feng tied for ninth at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament in December 2007 to earn a spot on the LPGA Tour in 2008.
Fawzia Koofi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fawzia Koofi : She has survived several assassination attempts, including one on March 8, 2010, near the town of Tora Bora.
May Win Myint : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
May Win Myint : May Win Myint ( ) is a Burmese politician, physician and former inmate who is currently serving as a Pyithu Hluttaw MP for Mayangon Township and member of the National League for Democracy's Central Executive Committee.
E. L. James : Erika Leonard (née Mitchell; born 7 March 1963), known by her pen name E. L. James, is a British author.
Ryu Hyo-young : She also took part in the 80th Miss Chunhyang pageant and subsequently won it.
Ryu Hyo-young : Ryu was born on 22 April 1993 in Gwangju, South Korea.
Ryu Hyo-young : Ryu was scouted after she and her sister made an appearance on SBS' variety show "Star King" by Core Contents Media.
Sasha Banks : Mercedes Justine Kaestner-Varnado (born January 26, 1992) is an American professional wrestler and actress currently signed to WWE as a member of the SmackDown brand under the ring name Sasha Banks, where she is the current SmackDown Women's Champion in her first reign.
Hong Jin-young : During the year 2014, she had parted ways from Core Contents Media alongside Davichi.
Hong Jin-young : On August 6, 2010, she returned with a new digital single entitled, "My Love".
Hong Jin-young : On March 22, 2013, she returned with the release of the digital single, "Boogie Man" (부기맨).
Gu Kailai : However, according to Reuters, at the end of 2011, Gu asked Heywood to move a large amount of money out of China.
Qin Lan : In February 2003, when Taiwanese writer Chiung Yao and her team were holding auditions in Beijing, Qin was selected from a pool of 200 candidates to play a new character, Chen Zhihua in the television series "My Fair Princess III".
Casper Chan : Notable roles include a hotel employee in "7 Days in Life", and "Legend of the Demigods" as a magistrates daughter.
Casper Chan : Casper Chan is a Hong Kong actress.
Ali Cobrin : Ali Cobrin (born (1989--) 21, 1989 ) is an American actress.
Urassaya Sperbund : She graduated from Chulalongkorn University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 2015.
Szuyu Rachel Su : Szuyu Rachel Su (, born March 14, 1998) is a Taiwanese classical pianist.
Hur Nam-sik : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anni Baobei : Li Jie (), more commonly known by her pen name Anni Baobei or Annie Baby (), is a Chinese novelist, born 11 July 1974 in Ningbo, Zhejiang.
Ai-jen Poo : She was born in Pittsburgh, and graduated from Phillips Academy in 1992 and Columbia University, where she was one of more than 100 students who occupied the rotunda in Low Library; this occupation led to the creation of Columbia's Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race.
Park Jong-il : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Takayuki Fukuda : During the trial, the brutality of the details of the incident and the demands by the defense lawyers that teenagers ought not receive the death sentence were widely reported in mass media, sparking a debate within Japan.
Megan Ellison : Ellison was born in Santa Clara County, California, the daughter of billionaire Oracle Corporation chairman, Larry Ellison, and his ex-wife, Barbara Boothe Ellison.
Mimi Chu : She lived in Singapore before moving to Hong Kong.
Nicki Turner : Nicki J. Turner (born 25 December 1959) was an international cricketer who played five Test matches and 28 ODIs for New Zealand.
Zosia Mamet : Zosia Russell Mamet ( ; born February 2, 1988) is an American actress and musician, who has appeared in television series including "Mad Men", "United States of Tara" and "Parenthood" and as Shoshanna Shapiro on the HBO original series "Girls".
Sibelle Hu : Sibelle Hu (; born 4 May 1958) is a Taiwanese actress, singer and TV personality who starred in both Taiwanese and Hong Kong movies.
Neslihan Yiğit : Neslihan Yiğit (born February 26, 1994) is a Turkish badminton player.
Leanne Liu : Liu Sue-Hua, also known as Leanne Liu, is a Golden Bell Award-winning Hong Kong actress born in Beijing.
Khatun Sapnara : She is married with two children.
Khatun Sapnara : Between 2003 and 2014, Sapnara was Chair of the Ashiana Network, a refuge and support agency for female victims of domestic violence and forced marriage.
Khatun Sapnara : In 2012, she was involved in proposals to criminalise forced marriage, arguing against criminalisation, contending that it was surplus to requirements and that the move could deter victims from seeking help.
Khatun Sapnara : Sapnara was born in Sylhet District, East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) and moved to the United Kingdom as a child.
Khatun Sapnara : Khatun Sapnara ( ; born 29 April 1967) is a Bangladeshi-born British judge.
Wendy Freedman : Freedman is married to longtime collaborator Barry F. Madore.
Wendy Freedman : Freedman has been elected a member of the US National Academy of Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a Fellow of the American Physical Society.
Stav Shaffir : Shaffir worked as a freelance journalist and an editor for "National Geographic", the "Ha'ir" weekly newspaper, the "Mako" Magazine and "Yedioth Ahronoth" internet site Xnet, where she published the first article to appear in the Israeli media about the 2011 Israeli social justice protests.
Lala Hsu : Hsu married Taiwanese director Bill Chia ( ) in August 2018 and they have one son.
Lala Hsu : Lala Hsu (; born 20 December 1984) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
Lala Hsu : In 2018, Hsu was named Best Mandarin Female Singer at the 29th Golden Melody Awards.
Lala Hsu : During university, Lala participated in the "Campus Golden Melody Award" competition, winning awards in the "Girl's Individual Singing Group" (singing award) and the "Semantic Creation Group" (creative award).
Lisa Carrington : She attended Whakatane High School, and Massey University in Albany.
Heidi Albertsen : "Fitness" magazine featured her as "Body of the Year" for 2000.
Heidi Albertsen : Heidi Albertsen (born September 1, 1976) is a Danish international model.
Heidi Albertsen : At the age of 17, Albertsen was the winner of the 1993 Elite Model Look World Final, the annual fashion modeling contest held by Elite Model Management that attracts more than 350,000 participants every year from 800 cities in 70 countries across 5 continents.
Heidi Albertsen : Between 2006 and 2010, while continuing to model, Albertsen pursued part-time studies in New York City at the National Academy School of Fine Arts, Hunter College, and the City University of New York.
Heidi Albertsen : Albertsen has stated that some of her favorite shoots include those with her friend and designer, Nicole Miller; photographer Albert Watson in Nice, France and photographer Fabrizio Ferri in Milan, Italy, both for Escada; and with photographer Antoine Verglas for a "Max" magazine cover and calendar.
Heidi Albertsen : Albertsen described the quests of climbing to the top of the 19,341 feet (5,895 m) peak as experiences that challenged her "physically, emotionally and intellectually."
Heidi Albertsen : She is the chief ambassador and spokesperson for the Life Project for Africa, a non-profit organization that aims to save lives and benefit the impoverished in Africa through services that promote health, provide education, address poverty, and provide shelter to the homeless.
Melissa Chan : Melissa Chan (, (1980--) 2, 1980 ) is an American broadcast journalist, who currently presents "DW News Asia" on Deutsche Welle TV.
Melissa Chan : In May 2012 Yang Rui, a TV host in China Global Television Network, made comments on Sina Weibo criticising some foreign citizens and journalists in China, especially targeting Chan, who was expelled from the country.
André-Jacques Marie : André-Jacques Marie (born 14 October 1925) is a French former hurdler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Cissy Wang : Wang contested in the Fairchild TV Miss Chinese Toronto Pageant at Toronto in 2000 and won the first place.
Cissy Wang : They have two children: a daughter named Jasmine Yen ( ), and a son named James Yen ( ).
Lily Carter : Lily Carter is a former American pornographic actress.
Lily Carter : She has also worked with several other adult studios, including "Hustler", Digital Sin, Elegant Angel, Jules Jordan Video, Bangbros, 21Sextury, Brazzers and Naughty America.
Catherine Chau : Her notable roles include "The Dance of Passion" (2006), "My Sister of Eternal Flower" (2011), "Men with No Shadows" (2011) and "The Menu" (2015).
Fleur Pellerin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fleur Pellerin : In August 2018, Pellerin was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 2 in the list of 100 Most Influential French Entrepreneurs.
Fleur Pellerin : Pellerin is married to Laurent Olléon, also an ENA graduate, who works for the Council of State providing legal advice to the French government.
Fleur Pellerin : Pellerin took charge of "society and digital economy issues" for Socialist Party candidate François Hollande in his successful 2012 French presidential election campaign.
Fleur Pellerin : As part of a major government reshuffle in early 2016, Pellerin was sacked and replaced by Audrey Azoulay, who at the time served as Hollande’s cultural advisor.
Fleur Pellerin : Raised by middle-class parents — her father, who has a doctorate in nuclear physics, is a small-business owner — she grew up in two Paris suburbs, Montreuil and Versailles.
Fleur Pellerin : In July 2012, she publicly announced her opposition to the sale of massive surveillance technologies causing quite a stir in French political circles since France is one of the biggest sellers of such technology.
Fleur Pellerin : Under her leadership, the French Culture Ministry made a bid in September 2015 to purchase one of a highly coveted pair of Rembrandt portraits from Éric de Rothschild for the Louvre in Paris, offering €80 million, or about $90 million.
Kara Hayward : Hayward has been a member of Mensa since she was nine years old.
Kara Hayward : She is known for her lead role as Suzy Bishop in the 2012 feature film "Moonrise Kingdom", which earned her a nomination for the Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actress in a Feature Film in 2013.
Anastasia Grishina : Anastasia Nikolayevna Grishina ( ) (born 16 January 1996) is a former Russian artistic gymnast.
Han Chae-ah : Han Chae-ah (born Kim Kyung-ha on March 24, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Connie Mak Kit-man : Connie Mak Kit-man (born none }} ; ), also called Connie Mak and Kitman Mak, is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Connie Mak Kit-man : She is married to actor Kwong Wa since 19 December 1992, with a son and a daughter.
Connie Mak Kit-man : On 16 October 2019, she held a concert called 《BACK月黑風高旺角夜麥潔文MUSIC 2019》.
Meng Nan : Meng Nan () is a Chinese singer-songwriter based in Guangzhou, People's Republic of China.
Meng Nan : Meng Nan came to prominence after independently releasing her first album, titled 'I only have me' and after receiving an award for best new artist at a music award ceremony hosted by DongFang Television, she was soon signed to Star Max, a Chinese-based management company.
Mark Witherspoon : Donald Mark Witherspoon (born September 3, 1963 in Chicago) is an American former sprinter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Li Xiaoyong : Li Xiaoyong (born 28 November 1969) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Jingsong : Zhang Jingsong (born 2 September 1973) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Yunsong : Zhang Yunsong (born 20 March 1977) is a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Ellen Pao : On May 10, 2012, Pao filed a gender discrimination lawsuit against her employer.
Ellen Pao : Pao's maternal grandfather was a graduate of the Republic of China Military Academy, He later went on to serve as a commander in the Chinese Civil War under Chiang Kai-shek and, in 1948, moved the family to Taiwan, where he retired with the rank of Colonel in 1960.
Ellen Pao : Ellen Kangru Pao (born 1970) is an American investor and former CEO of social media company Reddit.
Zhang Xuelei : Zhang Xuelei (born 13 May 1963) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Vicente Ehate Tomi : Vicente Ehate Tomi (born 1968) is an Equatoguinean politician who was Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea from May 21, 2012 until June 22, 2016.
Kate Jenner : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kate Jenner : She was part of Australia's gold medal winning team at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, although she herself missed a penalty in the shootout that decided the gold medal match.
Kim Yong-bae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Chul : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoon Sung-hoon : Yoon Sung-hoon (born 16 February 1983) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Marlen Esparza : Marlen Esparza (born July 29, 1989) is an American professional boxer who challenged for the WBA interim female flyweight title in 2019.
Martina Hill : She has been awarded the German Comedy Award, the German TV Award, as well as the prestigious Adolf-Grimme-Preis and the Bambi Award.
Martina Hill : Martina Hill (born 14 July 1974) is a German actress, comedian, and impersonator.
Yukari Yamamoto : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Rika Komazawa : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Miyuki Nakagawa : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Kim Jung-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Yi-woo : Lee Yi-woo (born 18 February 1941) is a South Korean former footballer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Eiji Mitooka : In October 2011, Mitooka was awarded the 59th Kikuchi Kan Prize, presented annually by "Bungei Shunju" literary magazine and the Society for the Advancement of Japanese Culture.
Can Xue : In 2010, Can Xue and Lin Wang (web) co-wrote the libretto for a contemporary chamber opera Die Quelle (The Source) commissioned to Lin Wang by Münchener Biennale.
Mercedes Lambre : She studied jazz dance with Juan Mallach for three years and with Gustavo Carrizo; street dance with Daniela Perez for two years in CICLUS and Spanish dances with Analia Flebes Sanchez for three years.
Kerry Ingram : Ingram has a form of osteogenesis imperfecta; having regularly fractured her bones, she requires periodic infusions to increase her bone mass.
Kerry Ingram : Kerry Danielle Ingram is of Maltese descent, with her grandfather being from Mqabba.
Kerry Ingram : Kerry Danielle Ingram (born 26 May 1999) is an Maltese-English actress, known for her roles as Shireen Baratheon in the HBO series "Game of Thrones" and Rebecca 'Becky' Sidebottom in the Netflix series "Free Rein".
Juan Barea : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Juan Barea : Juan Barea (born 15 March 1931) is an Argentine former basketball player.
Irina Kaptelova : Irina Kaptelova ( ) is a Ukrainian actress.
Lim Su-kyung : In April 2012, she was elected as a member of the 19th National Assembly as the Democratic United Party's 21st proportional representative.
Lim Su-kyung : She is best known for attending the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students, held in North Korea and praising President of North Korea Kim Il-sung in 1989, without first obtaining travel permission from the South Korean government.<ref name="Kyunghyang09/09"> </ref> She attended the festival representing the student organization "Jeondaehyop", now known as Hanchongryun.
Olivia Culpo : Culpo was born in Cranston, Rhode Island to parents Susan and Peter Culpo.
Olivia Culpo : Olivia Frances Culpo (born May 8, 1992) is an American fashion influencer and social media personality.
Tatsuya Sakai : "Updated to end of 2018 season".
Meimi Tamura : With the name changed to ANGERME in 2014, Tamura continued as a main vocalist in the group until she graduated on May 30, 2016.
Yurii V. Kostenko : 1968 – 1971 – Attaché, Third Secretary, Department of International Organizations, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic;
Li Chevalier : She has exhibited her work at the National Art Museum of China (2010), at the former submarine base in Bordeaux (2014), at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition in London (2015), and at the Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome (2017).
Wang Yiwu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Annette Edmondson : Annette Edmondson (born 12 December 1991) is an Australian cyclist who competes on the track with Cycling Australia's High Performance Unit (HPU).
Karen Wheeler : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Karen Wheeler : She was selected as Disabled Professional Woman of the Year by the Pilot Club of Southeast Los Angeles in 1990, and has been a Board member of the (Las) Vegas Artists Guild since 2003, serving two terms as President and was the Director of Vegas Artists Guild, and in charge of Shows until September 2012.
Nguyễn Thị Ánh Viên : At the SEA Games 27 in Myanmar (12/2013), Anh Vien got six medals in total (3 gold, 2 silver and 1 bronze), she broke two Sea Games records in 200m backstroke (2 min 14 sec 80) and 400m medley ( pmin 6 gsec 6).đShe was voted the "Golden Impression of SEA Games 27 ".
Lee Jae-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Jae-suk : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Lee Jae-suk : Lee Jae-Suk (born 28 November 1963) is a South Korean former wrestler who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Rikke Møller Pedersen : At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, Møller Pedersen broke Rebecca Soni's 200 m breaststroke world record in the semifinals with 2:19.11, but she finished 2nd in the final behind Russian Yuliya Yefimova with a time of 2:20.08.
Yasuko Konoe : Tadateru Konoe is the younger brother of former Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa and adopted grandson (and heir) of former Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe.
Yasuko Konoe : Yasuko was born at Numazu Imperial Villa, Numazu, In her childhood, Konoe attended Gakushuin Elementary School and then Gakushuin Women's Secondary School.
Victoria Na : Victoria "Vicky" Na (born 23 March 1991) is an Australian badminton player.
Sabrina Jaquet : Sabrina Jaquet (born 21 June 1987 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland) is a Swiss Badminton player.
Renuga Veeran : Renuga Veeran (born 20 June 1986) is an Australian badminton player.
Renuga Veeran : She represents Badminton Australia on the club level, and is coached by Ricky Yu, who became her coach in 2008.
Leanne Choo : Leanne Choo (born 5 June 1991) is a badminton player from Australia.
Choi Jong-ok : Choi Jong-ok (born 15 August 1945) is a South Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Lee In-sook : Lee In-Sook (born 8 April 1950) is a South Korean former volleyball player who competed in the women's tournament at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Ann Fowler : Ann Fowler (born March 16, 1948) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Birmingham, Alabama, who was named Miss Alabama 1969.
Ragna Ingólfsdóttir : Ragna Björg Ingólfsdóttir (born 22 February 1983) is an Icelandic badminton player.
Kim Yeon-ji : Kim Yeonji was raised in Anyang, Gyeonggi in South Korea, where she attended Pyeongchon Management High School.
Kim Yeon-ji : Yeonji won awards in various singing and dancing talent contests and was eventually scouted by the record label and management company GM (currently MBK Entertainment).
Jia Yunbing : Jia Yunbing (born 24 June 1981) is a Chinese former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Kacey Rohl : She is the daughter of television director Michael Rohl, and began studying acting when she was 14.
Kaori Moritani : Four years later on February 17, 1997, she married her Hamlet co-star Toshi, lead singer of the heavy metal band X Japan.
Ina Chan Un Chan : She is the Chairman of UNIR (HK) Management Limited which manages a diverse investment portfolio consisting mainly of hospitality, realty, leisure, retail and transportation businesses.
Ina Chan Un Chan : As an ardent fan of antiques, Chan opened the Treasure Court antique store in the 80s, and began investing in other businesses.
Ina Chan Un Chan : She is also a shareholder in a broad range of companies including Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau (STDM), the ultimate holding company of SJM Holdings Limited (HKEx:880).
Boubacar Keita : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Jong-hoon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Jong-hoon : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Katie Ledecky : Ledecky was born in Washington, D.C., and raised in Bethesda, Maryland, the daughter of Mary Gen (Hagan) and David Ledecky.
Tsugumi : Tsugumi made her film debut in "Time Leap" (1997), a film adaptation of the manga with the same name, then started widely appearing in films, V-Cinema releases, stage plays and TV-dramas.
José Vicente : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Anabelle Smith : Anabelle "Belle" Smith (born 3 February 1993) is an Australian diver.
Victoria Montero : Victoria Montero (born Victoria Eugenia Montero Enríquez; 25 August 1991) is a Mexican athlete who competes in badminton.
Mariana Pajón : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mariana Pajón : Mariana Pajón Londoño was born in Medellín, Colombia, on October 10, 1991, [7] daughter of Carlos Mario Pajón and Claudia Londoño, who were also athletes in their youth (her father practiced motoring and her mother riding).
Lia Neal : Neal is of African American and Chinese descent.
Lia Neal : At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Neal won a bronze medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay with Missy Franklin, Jessica Hardy and Allison Schmitt, with the U.S. team finishing third behind the teams from Australia and the Netherlands.
Lia Neal : She attended the Convent of the Sacred Heart School in New York City, where she was a member of the club swim team, Asphalt Green Unified Aquatics.
Chloe Magee : Chloe Noelle Magee (born 29 November 1988) is an Irish professional badminton player.
Chris Ashmore : Chris Ashmore (born 7 January 1942) is a British former racing driver.
Lee Mi-sun : Lee Mi-sun (born 19 February 1979) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Lee Mi-sun : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Kim Ji-yoon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ji-yoon : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Jung Sun-min : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Kim Sung-heon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoo Ara : Yoo Ara (born September 26, 1992) is a South Korean singer and actress, known for her work as a former member of the South Korean girl group Hello Venus.
Moon Jeong-hee : Moon Jeong-hee (born January 12, 1976) is a South Korean stage, film, and television actress.
Moon Jeong-hee : She was named the goodwill ambassador of international children's rights group Safe Kids Korea in 2010.
Moon Jeong-hee : She has worked as a salsa dancing teacher in between projects, and can also do jazz dancing and the pansori.
Tu Chang-wei : Tu Chang-wei (born 11 May 1982) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Lin Wei-chu : Lin Wei-Chu (born 22 January 1979) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Lin Ying-chieh : Lin Ying-chieh (; born 1 May 1981) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tsai Feng-an : Tsai Feng-an (born 20 November 1975) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Kevin Huang : Kevin Huang (born 25 April 1982) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Cheng Chao-hang : Cheng Chao-Hang (born 14 February 1977) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Hsu Wen-hsiung : Hsu Wen-hsiung (born 5 December 1978) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Miryo : Jo Mi-hye (born November 2, 1981), better known by her stage name Miryo (Korean:  ), is a South Korean rapper, songwriter and record producer.
Sugiarto : Sugiarto (born July 17, 1988) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Deltras FC in the Indonesia Super League.
Miyako Tanaka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victoria Frederick : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katarzyna Pawłowska : Katarzyna Pawłowska (born 16 August 1989) is a Polish road racing and track cyclist, who most recently rode for Belgian amateur team Illi-Bikes Cycling Team .
Henri Hurskainen : Henri Mikael Hurskainen (born 13 September 1986) is a Swedish badminton player who competed for Sweden at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Ri Sol-ju : Ri Sol-ju (Korean:  ; Hanja: 李雪主; born c. 1985–89) is the wife of North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, and First Lady of North Korea.
Ping Fu : She is the co-founder of 3D software development company Geomagic, and was its chief executive officer until February 2013 when the company was acquired by 3D Systems Inc. s of  2014 , she is the Vice President and Chief Entrepreneur Officer at 3D Systems.
Yi Siling : Yi Siling (; born May 6, 1989 in Guiyang, Hunan) is a Chinese female sport shooter specializing in 10 meter air rifle events, she is the gold medalists for 2012 Olympics, 2010 World Championships and 2010 Asian Games.
Natsumi Hoshi : Hoshi studied sports science at Waseda University in Tokyo, and enjoys shopping in her spare time.
Lei Chien-ying : She also represented Chinese Taipei at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro winning a bronze medal in the women's team event, with Tan Ya-Ting and Lin Shih-Chia.
Fang Yuting : Fang Yuting (; born 21 December 1989) is a Chinese female archer.
Cheng Ming : Cheng Ming (; born February 11, 1986, in Jilin City, China) is a Chinese archer.
Lin Po Heung : Lin Po Heung () is a Hong Kong female fencer.
Wang Mingjuan : Wang Mingjuan (; born October 11, 1985 in Yongzhou, Hunan) is a Chinese weightlifter, Olympic champion, and four time world champion.
Wang Mingjuan : She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 48 kg division, winning the Gold medal.
Chung Jung-yeon : Chung Jung-yeon (born 4 July 1987, Gyeongsangbuk) is a South Korean judoka who competes in the women's 48 kg category.
Wang Haibing : At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the national team in the Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay, finishing in 4th place in the final.
Ma Zengyu : Ma Zengyu (Chinese: 马增玉; born 7 May 1983 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese basketball player.
Ji Yanyan : Ji Yanyan (; born 29 May 1985) is a basketball player for China women's national basketball team.
Guan Xin : Guan Xin (; born 24 January 1987) is a basketball player for the China women's national basketball team.
Naoki Kawamae : It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) which was held from 2007 to 2017.
Susan Egelstaff : Susan Egelstaff (born 12 October 1982; née Hughes) is a Scottish badminton player.
Susan Egelstaff : Egelstaff won team bronze at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, took women's singles bronze four years later in Melbourne, and finished fourth in the singles in Delhi.
Birgit Michels : Birgit Michels (née Overzier, born 28 September 1984) is a German badminton player.
Maja Tvrdy : Maja Tvrdy (born 20 November 1983) is a Slovenian badminton player.
Simone Prutsch : Simone Prutsch (born 17 October 1978) is an Austrian badminton player.
Lianne Tan : Lianne Tan (born 20 November 1990) is a Belgian badminton player.
Anastasia Prokopenko : Anastasia Prokopenko ( ; born 17 May 1986) is a Russian badminton player.
Telma Santos : Telma Santos (born 1 August 1983) is a Portuguese badminton player.
Thilini Jayasinghe : Thilini Sudhara Jayasinghe (Sinhalese: තිලිනි සුනාරි ජයසිංහ; Tamils: திலினி சுனாரி ஜயசிங்க; born 15 January 1985) is a Sri Lankan badminton player.
Kristína Gavnholt : Kristína Gavnholt (born 12 September 1988 as "Kristína Ludíková") is a Czech badminton player.
Alesia Zaitsava : Alesia Mikhaylovna Zaitsava ( , ; born 14 August 1985) is a Belarusian badminton player.
Alesia Zaitsava : She started playing badminton in 1993, and became part of the Belarusian national badminton team in 1996.
Monika Fašungová : Monika Fašungová (born 9 April 1988, Bratislava) is a Slovak badminton player.
Rebecca Gallantree : Rebecca Gallantree (born 19 August 1984 in Chelmsford, Essex) is a British diver.
Cheong Jun Hoong : Cheong Jun Hoong () {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'AMN', '4': "} (born 16 April 1990) is a Malaysian diver.
Ariel Hsing : Since then, Ariel has been invited to the Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting to play table tennis with Warren Buffett, Bill Gates, and the stockholders.
Su Yuling : Su Yuling (born 24 April 1989, Changle, Fujian) is a Chinese female sport shooter.
Ip Pui Yi : Ip Pui Yi (; born November 28, 1978) is a Hong Kong female sport shooter.
Kim Byung-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Byung-hee : Kim Byung-Hee (born 9 March 1982) is a South Korean female sport shooter.
Jo Yong-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tien Chia-chen : She came in second place in the women's 10 metre air pistol at the 2016 Asian Olympic Shooting Qualifying Tournament.
Yu Ai-wen : Yu Ai-Wen (born December 25, 1995) is a Taiwanese female sport shooter.
Hsu Shu-ching : Hsu attends Kaohsiung Medical University.
Hsu Shu-ching : Hsu Shu-ching (; born 9 May 1991) is a Taiwanese weightlifter.
Yu Weili : She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 53 kg, finishing 9th.
Kanae Yagi : She won at the 2013 Summer Universiade in the Women's 53 kg.
Laura Ester : Laura Ester Ramos (born 22 January 1990, Barcelona) is a Spanish female water polo goalkeeper.
Marta Bach : Marta Bach Pascual (born 17 February 1993) is a Spanish female water polo player.
Roser Tarragó : Roser Tarragó Aymerich (born March 25, 1993) is a Spanish female water polo player.
Matilde Ortiz : Matilde Ortiz Reyes (born 16 September 1990 in Veracruz, Mexico) is a Spanish female water polo player.
Lorena Miranda : Lorena Miranda Dorado (born 7 April 1991) is a Spanish female water polo player, born in Ceuta.
Song Donglun : At the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics, she competed for the China women's national water polo team in the women's event.
Hsiao Mei-yu : In 2016 Hsiao returned to the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro to compete in the Cycling Track Women's Omnium event, where she received 64 points to place 17th, the same placement as at the London Olympics four years earlier.
Fu Yuanhui : Since 2016, Fu has been one of the most popular athletes in China.
Fu Yuanhui : A few days later, after her lackluster performance in the 4×100-meter medley relay where the team placed fourth, she told an interviewer that she was on her period; many commended her decision to speak about this, menstruation being considered a taboo topic in sports.
Jo Hyo-bi : She competed for the Korean team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Shao Yiwen : Shao Yiwen is a Chinese swimmer.
Kuo Hsing-chun : Kuo Hsing-chun ( ; born 26 November 1993) is a Taiwanese weightlifter, Olympian, four time World Champion, two time Universiade Champion, Asian Games Champion, and four time Asian Champion of Amis descent, competing in the 58 kg division until 2018 and 59 kg starting in 2018 after the International Weightlifting Federation reorganized the categories.
Sun Yujie : Sun Yujie (; born 10 August 1992) is a Chinese fencer.
Sun Yujie : At 2012 Summer Olympics she won gold medal in team épée with Li Na, Luo Xiaojuan and Xu Anqi and a bronze in Women's individual épée.
Shin A-lam : Shin A-lam ( , ] or ] ] ; born 23 September 1986) is a South Korean épée fencer.
Shin A-lam : Shin won a silver medal in Women's team épée competition five days later.
Shin A-lam : An hour later, Shin returned for the bronze medal match but lost to her Chinese opponent despite loud encouragement from the cheering crowd.
Shin A-lam : She rejected the offer, saying "It does not make me feel better because it's not an Olympic medal.
Shin A-lam : Without the extension, Shin would have won the tied bout on the basis of priority, which is randomly awarded to one fencer prior to the overtime period.
Shin A-lam : In the semifinals of women's individual épée, she lost to German Britta Heidemann after a timekeeping error extended bout time.
Shin A-lam : The result was partly due to the failure of the referee to stop both fencers restarting closer than the specified distance, Heidemann's "crowding" to hurry her attack, and Shin trying to avoid retreating across her end line.
Alia Bhatt : Alia Bhatt ( ; born 15 March 1993) is an actress and singer of Indian origin and British citizenship, who works in Hindi-language films.
Maria Paseka : Maria Valeryevna Paseka ( ; born 19 July 1995) is a Russian artistic gymnast and member of the Russia women's national gymnastics team.
Asuka Teramoto : At the 2014 Japanese National Championships, Teramoto became the uneven bars champion, as well as the all-around silver medalist behind Natsumi Sasada and vault bronze medalist behind Sae Miyakawa and Mai Murakami.
Sara Blengsli Kværnø : Sara Blengsli Kværnø (born 28 July 1982) is a Norwegian badminton player, born in Namsos.
Lin Qingfeng : Lin Qingfeng (; born 26 January 1989) is a Chinese weightlifter who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 69kg category with a total weight lifted of 344 kg.
Bai Anqi : Bai Anqi (born 9 January 1993; ) is a Chinese swimmer.
Bai Anqi : She swims in the women's 200m backstroke event in swimming.
Chen I-chuan : Chen I-chuan (20 January 1991, Taipei) is a Taiwanese swimmer.
Xin Xin : Xin Xin (born 6 November 1996) is a Chinese swimmer.
Xin Xin : At the 2016 Summer Olympics, she finished 4th in the 10 km marathon.
Xin Xin : She competed for China at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yao Yige : Yao Yige (born 30 April 1996) is a Chinese swimmer.
Sze Hang Yu : She has swum for Hong Kong at the Olympics (2004, 2012), World Championships (2003, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2015) and Asian Games (2006, 2010,2014), among other international events.
Sze Hang Yu : At the 2012 Summer Olympics she finished 20th overall in the Women's 200 Freestyle and failed to reach the semifinals.
Brankica Mihajlović : Brankica Mihajlović (; born 13 April 1991) is a Serbian professional volleyball player.
Natália Pereira : Natália Zilio Pereira (born 4 April 1989) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player who won with the Brazil women's national volleyball team the gold medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Monica De Gennaro : Monica De Gennaro (born 8 January 1987) is an Italian professional volleyball player.
Sarah Gray : Under national coach Dick Tonks, Gray was placed in a women's quadruple scull with Fiona Bourke, Eve MacFarlane, and Louise Trappitt.
Kanako Watanabe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kanako Watanabe : She also won a gold medal in the 200 metres breaststroke, and she gave the gold medal to her coach, in a gesture of gratitude to him.
Kanako Watanabe : Watanabe won the silver medal in the 200m medley at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Annari Viljoen : Annari Viljoen (born 16 January 1987 in Bloemfontein) is a South African badminton player.
Hiền Thục : Nguyễn Thị Hiền Thục (born 13 May 1981), stage name Hien Thuc, is a contemporary Vietnamese pop singer.
Kylie Adams : "The Only Thing Better Than Chocolate" and "Santa Baby, Holiday Contemporary Romance" short story collections which she contributed to were USA Today Bestsellers, and many of her works have been translated into several languages.
Kylie Adams : Kylie Adams is an American fiction author of young adult fiction novels and contemporary romance, women's fiction, chick lit and holiday contemporary romance novels and short stories.
AJ Lee : April Jeanette Mendez (born March 19, 1987) is an American author and former professional wrestler.
AJ Lee : AJ won a battle royal on April 22, 2013, to become the number one contender to Kaitlyn's WWE Divas Championship.
Ren Cancan : Ren Cancan (; born April 26, 1986 in Jining, Shandong) is a female Chinese boxer who has won three world championships.
Huang Shih-hsu : Huang Shih-hsu (; born 30 November 1975 in Pingtung, Taiwan, old name: Huang Shih-chun and Huang Pei-yi) is a Taiwanese weightlifter representing Chinese Taipei.
Huang Shih-hsu : She participated at the 2010 Asian Games in the 69 kg event finishing 5th.
Kōhei Horikoshi : Horikoshi is also an avid fan of American superhero comic books, particularly Marvel Comics.
Kōhei Horikoshi : Horikoshi's self-professed favorite and inspirational manga series include "Naruto", "One Piece", "Akira", "Tekkonkinkreet", and "Boys on the Run".
Hannah Starling : Hannah Starling (born 12 June 1995 in Leeds, England) is a British former diver.
Xu Anqi : Xu Anqi (; born 23 January 1992) is a Chinese épée fencer.
Wei Yongli : Wei Yongli (Chinese: 韦永丽; born October 11, 1991 in Baise, Guangxi) is a Chinese sprinter.
Qieyang Shenjie : She was selected into the Qinghai Team in April 2008 by Yuan Dejiu ( ), the major coach of the team who found her speciality when let accompany someone other to run and gave her her nickname "little tokyi".
Lü Huihui : At the 2015 World Championships, she won a silver medal, with a throw of 66.13 m, a then Asian record.
Jennifer Tse : By 3 June 2019, Tse had a baby daughter who was 100 days old, however, it is not known who the father was.
Shinta Mulia Sari : Shinta Mulia Sari (born 14 June 1988) is an Indonesian-born Singaporean badminton player.
Yao Lei : She also represented Singapore in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London with Shinta Mulia Sari.
Li Wen-hua : Li Wen-ua (; also known as Li Tsai-yi born 3 December 1989, Kaohsiung City) is a Taiwanese athlete.
Huang Li : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cheng Wan-jung : At the 2004 Olympics, she competed in the 100 and 200 m butterfly, finishing in 34th and 25th place respectively.
Cheng Wan-jung : Cheng Wan-jung (born 22 February 1988) is a Taiwanese swimmer.
Choi Hye-ra : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Harley Bird : A month later she gained the role of Peppa in the children's animated series "Peppa Pig".
Cheryl Yang : She rose to prominence when she filmed the Taiwanese drama "My Queen" in 2009 with actor Ethan Juan.
Ng Yan Yee : Wendy Ng Yan Yee (born 11 July 1993) is a Malaysian diver.
Ng Yan Yee : She competed 3 m springboard at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Tseng Li-cheng : Tseng Li-cheng (; old name: Tseng Pei-hua, ; born 26 December 1986) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner of aboriginal origin (tribe: Amis).
Natasha Tang : Natasha Terri Tang (born Tang Wing Yung, ; 23 August 1992) is a Hong Kong distance swimmer.
Natasha Tang : At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's marathon 10 kilometre, finishing in 20th place.
Chang Si : Chang Si (; November 15, 1986) is a Chinese retired competitor in synchronized swimming.
Chang Si : She won a silver medal in team competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Chen Xiaojun : Chen Xiaojun (; born August 3, 1992) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.
Chen Xiaojun : She won a silver medal in team competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Wu Yiwen : Wu Yiwen (; born August 5, 1986 in Shanghai) is a Chinese Olympic synchronized swimmer, reaching in height.
Wu Yiwen : She won a silver medal in team competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and previously swam in the 2006 Asian Games in Doha and 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou.
Sun Wenyan : Sun Wenyan (; born 27 December 1989) is a Chinese competitor in synchronised swimming.
Sun Wenyan : At the 2016 Olympics, she won another silver in the team competition, and a silver in the duet event with Huang Xuechen.
Miao Yihua : Miao Yihua (born 11 February 1988) is a Chinese pentathlete.
Miao Yihua : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Sun Sinan : Sun Sinan (born 2 October 1988, Anshan) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Cui Qiuxia : At the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics she competed with the China women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.
De Jiaojiao : De Jiaojiao (born 5 January 1990, Nei Mongol) is a Chinese field hockey player.
De Jiaojiao : She won a silver medal as a member of the Chinese team at 2014 Asian Games, along with gold at the 2010 Games and a bronze at the 2018 Games.
Liang Meiyu : Liang Meiyu (born 8 January 1994) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Sakiyo Asano : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Nagisa Hayashi : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Aki Mitsuhashi : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Keiko Manabe : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Kim Jong-hee : !
Kim Jong-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Jong-hee : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Kim Jong-eun : !
Kim Jong-eun : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Jeon Yu-mi : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Prajakta Sawant : Prajakta Sawant (born 28 October 1992) is a badminton player from India.
Prajakta Sawant : In 2013, she won the Bangladesh International tournament partnered with Arathi Sara Sunil.
Yu Wenxia : She appears in the film "The Transporter Refueled".
Yu Wenxia : On 18 August 2012, Yu won the 2012 Miss World pageant held in Dongsheng Fitness Center Stadium, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China.
Kuo Yi-hang : Kuo Yi-hang (born 2 June 1975) formerly Kuo Shu-fen is a female weightlifter who competed for Chinese Taipei in the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in heavyweight category.
Li Feng-ying : Li Fengying (also written as Li Feng-Ying) (born January 23, 1975) is a female weightlifter who competed for Chinese Taipei in the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in featherweight category.
Xu Fan : Xu Fan (, born 16 August 1967) is a Chinese actress and Asian Film Awards winner.
Sabrina Carpenter : In an interview with Disney Insider, Carpenter cited Christina Aguilera, Adele, and Rihanna as musical influences.
Sabrina Carpenter : She is the niece of actress Nancy Cartwright.
Sabrina Carpenter : She placed third in a singing contest run by Miley Cyrus titled "The Next Miley Cyrus Project".
Mary Barra : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary Barra : Barra is married to consultant Tony Barra, whom she met while studying at Kettering University, and has two children and two dogs.
Mary Barra : Mary Teresa Barra (née Makela; born December 24, 1961) is an American businesswoman who has been the chairman and CEO of General Motors Company since January 15, 2014.
Zhang Mengmeng : In addition, she is a national-level referee in swimming, aerobics, rhythmic gymnastics, track and field, as well as tennis, volleyball, basketball and table tennis.
Tracy Spiridakos : Tracy Spiridakos () is a Canadian actress.
Tracy Spiridakos : The family moved to her father's hometown, Skala, Greece south of Sparta, a few years after she was born, and returned to Canada in 1992.
Ann Chiang : Ann Chiang Lai-wan, SBS, JP, ( was born on 16 May 1955) is the chair of C&L Holdings and a pro-Beijing member of Hong Kong Legislative Council.
Elizabeth Quat : Elizabeth Quat, BBS, JP (, born 23 December 1966) is a Hong Kong politician associated with the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.
Elizabeth Quat : Quat received Ten Outstanding Young Persons and Ten Outstanding Young Digi Persons awards in 2001, and named The Most Successful Women 2002.She was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star by the Hong Kong SAR Government in 2017.
Elizabeth Quat : Quat received her Bachelor of Business Administration, Master of Business Administration, and Doctor of Philosophy in Management from Greenwich University, Hawaii (which has never been recognized by an accrediting body of the federal Department of Education in the United States and later relocated to Norfolk Island).
Lauren Miller Rogen : She is the daughter of Adele and Scott Miller, and has a brother, Danny.
Lauren Miller Rogen : They were engaged on September 29, 2010, and married on October 2, 2011.
Lauren Miller Rogen : At the beginning of her career, Miller performed supporting roles in several of Seth Rogen's films, including "Superbad", "Zack and Miri Make A Porno", "Observe and Report", and "50/50".
Lauren Miller Rogen : Lauren Anne Miller Rogen (born July 24, 1982) is an American actress, screenwriter, and director.
Lauren Miller Rogen : Focus Features picked up the rights to the film at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival for about $2 million and released it in the United States on August 31, 2012.
Maryjun Takahashi : She began modeling in August 2003 after winning the "Yokohama Shonan Audition 2003" beauty contest, and professionally in April 2004 when she signed a contract with "CanCam".
Deng Senyue : Deng Senyue (; born 5 February 1992 in Liuzhou, Guangxi Province China ) is a retired Chinese individual rhythmic gymnast.
Eliza Sam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Im Soo-hyang : Lim Soo-hyang (; born April 19, 1990) is a South Korean actress.
Futago Kamikita : From 2002 to 2004, they drew the paper version of "Akubi Girl", and then they started adapting "Pretty Cure", serialized in Nakayoshi, of which they also realized short sticker stories throughout the years.
Futago Kamikita : As animators and designers in Hiroshi Sasagawa's studio, in 1989 they won the "Shueisha Akatsuka Award" with "RED HOT", published in the special winter issue of Shōnen Jump.
Kacey Musgraves : Kacey Lee Musgraves (born August 21, 1988) is an American singer and songwriter.
Dora Boyd de Pérez Balladares : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Dora Boyd de Pérez Balladares : Dora Boyd de Perez Balladares (born October 11, 1948) is the wife of Panamanian President Ernesto Pérez Balladares, who held the office 1994-99.
Tăng Thanh Hà : She married to Louis Nguyễn, a Vietnamese-Filipino entrepreneur, in November 2012 after three-and-a-half years of dating.
Karin Larsson : Anna Karin Larsson (later "Ahlström", 30 August 1941 – 21 September 2019) was a Swedish swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.
Baek A-yeon : On December 7, she formally announced that she had joined Eden Entertainment.
Baek A-yeon : Later that year, she was confirmed to have landed a role in Korea's first virtual reality (VR) musical film, "Anna, Mari", which won Korea Creative Content Agency's 2018 "VR Frontier Content Project".
Jessica Kirkland : Jessica Kirkland (born November 10, 1987) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Melissa Benoist : She has two sisters: Jessica, a novelist, and Kristina, an ecological scientist, and five half-siblings from her father's remarriage.
Melissa Benoist : She graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre Arts in 2011.
Melissa Benoist : In June 2014, she joined Nicholas Sparks' film adaption "The Longest Ride" as Marcia.
Melissa Benoist : In May 2015, it was announced that Benoist would be playing Lorelai in the film "Low Riders", replacing Lily Collins and Nicola Peltz, who were in talks for the role previously.
Angel Haze : In 2012, Wilson recounted her experience of being sexually assaulted as a child in "Cleaning Out My Closet," a song from the mixtape "Classick" that uses segments from Eminem's song of the same name.
Belinda Bencic : 4.
Belinda Bencic : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Charley Hull : Based at Woburn Golf Club, Hull spends her winters with her family based in Florida.
Charley Hull : Hull has publicly spoken out against single-sex golf clubs.
Charley Hull : Hull was first introduced to golf aged two, and began playing with her father at Kettering Golf Club.
Duan Yingying : Her nickname is lightning for her amazing forehand.
Duan Yingying : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Becca Tobin : Tobin was in a relationship with nightclub entrepreneur Matt Bendik until his death on July 10, 2014.
Becca Tobin : She made her first appearance as the character in the fourth season premiere episode "The New Rachel", and was a regular recurring cast member for throughout that season.
Becca Tobin : Rebecca Grace Tobin (born January 18, 1986) is an American actress, singer, and dancer.
Becca Tobin : Tobin's first acting performance was at age four, when she played a Christmas tree in her school's holiday pageant.
Sakura Oda : On 14 September 2012, at a public dress rehearsal of Morning Musume 15th Anniversary Concert Tour held at Harmony Hall Zama in Kanagawa (Sakura's home prefecture), it was announced that Sakura Oda was the only one chosen to join the group.
Yuika Sugasawa : In July, she was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2010 U-20 World Cup and she played 2 matches.
Bảo Thy : Trần Thị Thuy Loan, stage name Bảo Thy (2 June 1988) is a Vietnamese singer and actress.
Đông Nhi : During her career, Nhi has won various awards; she was awarded Favorite Female Singer at the Zing Music Awards six times in a row from 2011 to 2016, Ballad Female Singer at the Golden Apricot Blossom Awards three times in a row, Asia's Best Vietnamese Singer from MAMA, South East Asia's Best Singer at the 2016 MTV EMAs, and nominated twice at the Cong Hien Awards.
Cẩm Vân : Hoàng Cẩm Vân (born 31 May 1959) is a Vietnamese female singer.
Faisal Abdulaziz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Li Peijing : Li Peijing (born 22 May 1989 in Shaanxi) is a Chinese rifle shooter.
Aimer : Aimer teamed up with the "Agehasprings" group, which has worked with, produced, or provided music for various artists, including Yuki, Mika Nakashima, Flumpool, Superfly, Yuzu, and Genki Rockets.
Zahra Nemati : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bao Yixin : Bao announced her retirement through her social media account on 11 September 2017.
Bao Yixin : Bao Yixin (; born 29 September 1992) is a Chinese badminton doubles player.
Bao Yixin : Bao Yixin started to playing badminton when she was child at the age of 6, and began to receive a formal training at the age of 8.
Zhong Qianxin : Zhong Qianxin (; born 8 May 1990) is a Chinese badminton player.
Shizuka Matsuo : The BWF Superseries, which was launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Savitree Amitrapai : Savitree Amitrapai ( ; born 19 November 1988) is a Thai badminton player.
Takuma Ueda : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Takuma Ueda : The BWF Grand Prix has two level such as Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Ai Goto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kaori Imabeppu : The BWF Grand Prix has two level, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Akane Yamaguchi : In the final, Yamaguchi defeated Sindhu, the World Championship runner-up, winning the women's singles championship in the Superseries Finals.
Akane Yamaguchi : As to whether there is room for further development due to her short stature, I think talent in badminton is not limited by height restrictions, her skill is more than enough to make up for her height.
Yui Hashimoto : The BWF Superseries, launched on December 14, 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Shizuka Uchida : The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Sannatasah Saniru : Sannatasah Saniru (born 15 May 1990) is a badminton player from Malaysia.
Sannatasah Saniru : In 2015, she took part at the Summer Universiade in Gwangju, South Korea, and won a bronze medal in the mixed team event.
Nitchaon Jindapol : She was member of the national women's team which finished as runner-up at the 2010 Asian Games.
Pai Hsiao-ma : Pai Hsiao-ma (; born 7 May 1986) formerly known as Pai Min-jie is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Hirokatsu Hashimoto : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Shen Ye : Shen Ye (traditional Chinese: 沈燁; simplified Chinese: 沈烨; born 11 March 1987) is a male Chinese badminton player.
Ryota Taohata : The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Narissapat Lam : In 2012, she won the Thailand Open with Saralee Thoungthongkam to become the youngest player ever to win a major doubles title since the Grand Prix categories began in 2007.
Rodjana Chuthabunditkul : Rodjana Chuthabunditkul (Thai: รจนา จุฑาบัณฑิตกุล; born 14 August 1991) is a Thai badminton player.
Jongkolphan Kititharakul : Jongkolphan Kititharakul ( ; born 1 March 1993) is a Thai badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Yuriko Miki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuriko Miki : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Yuriko Miki : The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Aya Ohori : The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Aya Ohori : It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) which was held from 2007 to 2017.
Ayaka Takahashi : Takahashi announced her retirement in an online conference on 19 August 2020, and officially left the national and Unisys team at the end of August.
Asumi Kugo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kurumi Yonao : The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Ng Hui Lin : Ng Hui Lin (born 6 November 1989) is a Malaysian professional badminton player.
Ng Hui Ern : Ng Hui Ern (born 1 June 1991) is a badminton player from Malaysia.
Shuai Pei-ling : Shuai Pei-ling (; born 24 February 1993) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Cheng Shu : Cheng Shu (; born 11 July 1987) is a Chinese badminton doubles player.
Luo Yu : Luo Yu (; born 11 January 1991) is a Chinese badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Kim So-yeong : Kim, who attended the University of Incheon, was the triple crowns at the 2013 Summer Universiade, by winning the gold medals in the women's doubles, mixed doubles and team event.
Mae Azango : Azango is the daughter of Robert G.W.
Mae Azango : Explaining her choice to write on the "taboo" topic, she stated, "A lot of people don't have a voice.
Mae Azango : In 2011, Azango won a grant from the US-based Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting for her work on "under-reported stories" in "human interest and developmental journalism".
Mae Azango : After local police failed to take action against the threats, Azango went into hiding, sending her nine-year-old daughter to stay with relatives.
Mae Azango : In 1990, during the First Liberian Civil War, he was dragged from the family home during breakfast and beaten by members of Charles Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia, later dying in jail from his injuries.
Mae Azango : In 2012, she was awarded the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Mae Azango : The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), a US-based press NGO, called on Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to issue Azango protection and guarantee her safety.
Mae Azango : Topics of her reporting included abortion, illegal mining, rape, teen pregnancy, and work conditions on projects funded in Liberia by Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi.
Mae Azango : Forced to use a traditional midwife, Azango stated that the superstitious midwife beat her during the birth and accused her of being an adulteress.
Mae Azango : Azango is best known for her reporting on FGM, a traditional practice in which the clitoris and part of the labia are amputated, often in unsanitary conditions, by members of the secret Sande society.
Mae Azango : On 8 March 2012—International Women's Day—she published a story in "Front Page Africa" telling of a woman who was held down by five other women while her clitoris was amputated.
Jamie Subandhi : Jamie Chen Subandhi (born December 15, 1989) is an American badminton player who competes in the singles and mixed doubles category.
Julie Houmann : Julie Houmann (born 22 November 1979) is a Danish badminton player and also plays for the Skovshoved Badminton originally comes from Bornholm.
Lai Pei Jing : She started her career in the women's singles event.
Lai Pei Jing : Lai Pei Jing (born 8 August 1992) is a Malaysian badminton player who played in the doubles events.
Shohei Hoshino : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shohei Hoshino :  at BWF.tournamentsoftware.com
Leo Ieiri : The Japan Record Awards is a major music awards show held annually in Japan by the Japan Composer's Association.
Leo Ieiri : Her stage name comes from the movie "", and also comes from Leo of "Kimba the White Lion" because her eyes resemble a lion.
Leo Ieiri : The Mnet Asian Music Awards is a major annual Korean Awards ceremony.
Leo Ieiri : On 18 February 2014, a music video for the song "A Boy", which has an animated part made by Tezuka Productions, features an anime version of the singer (based on Kimba and modeled after the singer) which meets other characters from the Kimba the White Lion series.
Debbie Goh : Goh Seok Sim (born 8 November 1978), known as Debbie Goh is a Malaysian film and television actor.
Debbie Goh : She stepped into the spotlight when she won the first Miss Malaysia Chinese International beauty pageant in 1999.
Cẩm Ly : Trần Thị Cẩm Ly (born 30 March 1970 in Saigon) better known as Cẩm Ly, is a Vietnamese pop singer, who is also known for Southern Vietnam folk songs.
Felice Lieh-Mak : Felice Lieh–Mak, CBE, JP, FRCP, FRANZCP, Emeritus Professor at the University of Hong Kong (born (1941--)10 1941 ), is a Philippines-educated and British-trained Hong Kong physician, psychiatrist, academician, editor, and retired civil servant.
Nguyễn Thị Thanh Phúc : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nguyễn Thị Thanh Phúc : Nguyễn Thị Thanh Phúc (born 12 August 1980 in Da Nang, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese race-walker.
Lê Ngọc Nguyên Nhung : Lê Ngọc Nguyên Nhung (born 12 February 1984 in Ho Chi Minh City) is a Vietnamese badminton player.
Tinsel Korey : Tinsel Korey (born March 25, 1980) is a Canadian actress, best known for portraying the Makah Emily Young in the Twilight Saga films "New Moon" and "Eclipse".
Leni Robredo : Maria Leonor "Leni" Gerona Robredo (born Maria Leonor Santo Tomas Gerona; April 23, 1965) is a Filipina lawyer and social activist who is the 14th and incumbent vice president of the Philippines.
Becky G : Rebbeca Marie Gomez (born March 2, 1997), known professionally by her stage name Becky G, is an American singer, songwriter and actress.
Jang Shin-young : Jang Shin-young (; born January 17, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
KZ Tandingan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
KZ Tandingan : Before she joined "The X Factor Philippines", Tandingan was part of a local acoustic band.
KZ Tandingan : KZ Tandingan started singing as a child but had to stop when she was in her junior year in high school after suffering from a throat problem.
KZ Tandingan : Kristine Zhenie Lobrigas Tandingan-Monterde (born March 11, 1992), mononymously known as KZ, is a Filipino singer and rapper hailed as Asia's Soul Supreme.
Amy Chan : Amy Chan Sau-man (陳秀雯) is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer, notable for starring in the "File of Justice" TV franchise in the 1990s.
Yoon Bo-ra : In 2011, Bora and group member Hyolyn formed as a sub-group Sistar19 with the single "Ma Boy".
Yoon Bo-ra : In June 2010, Bora made her debut as a member of Sistar on KBS' "Music Bank" with their debut single, Push Push.
Yoon Bo-ra : In April, she collaborated with "Unpretty Rapstar" contestants Kisum, Lil Cham, Jace, and male artist Adoonga for a hip-hop single titled "Feedback".
Yoon Bo-ra : The same year, she was announced as a fixed host for KBS' music program "Music Bank" alongside Park Seo-joon.
Shara Lin : Shara Lin (born 5 November 1985) is a Taiwanese musician, actress, singer, and television host.
Eir Aoi : On February 1, 2018, her website updated with an image of a flashing blue light.
Eir Aoi : On October 14, 2016, her management announced that she would put her musical career on indefinite hiatus following a final two concerts at Nippon Budokan on November 4 and 5, 2016.
Jin Ji-hee : Jin Ji-hee (born March 25, 1999) is a South Korean actress.
Jin Ji-hee : In June 2019, Jin signed with new agency C-JeS Entertainment.
Jin Ji-hee : She began her career as a child actress, and is best known for her roles in the relationship drama "Alone in Love" (2006), the horror fairytale "Hansel and Gretel" (2007), the family sitcom "High Kick Through the Roof" (2009), and the teen mystery series "Schoolgirl Detectives" (2014).
Lisa Kaltenegger : In 2012 she was named an EC Role Model for the Women in Research & Science Campaign of the EU and was awarded the Heinz Maier-Leibnitz-Preis in physics awarded annually to only six young researchers in all fields of science in Germany.
Lisa Kaltenegger : She also investigated the ability of future telescopes like the James Webb Space Telescope to detect evidence of life using spectral biomarkers (biosignatures) and generated the first spectra of Earth seen as a transiting exoplanet in 2009, concluding that it will be a hard problem for JWST and bigger future telescopes are needed to find signatures of life on many planets.
Lisa Kaltenegger : Kaltenegger is known for her studies of the atmospheres of extrasolar planets, especially Earth-like ones and is a pioneer in the study of the Earth as an astronomical object evolving in time.
Lisa Kaltenegger : Kaltenegger earned a degree in astrophysics in 1999 from Karl Franzens University in Graz, Austria; a master’s in physics and engineering in 2001 from the Graz University of Technology; and a doctorate in astrophysics in 2005 from Karl Franzens University.
Wanting Qu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cecilia Lindqvist : Cecilia Lindqvist (Chinese name: Lin Xili 林西莉 (Lin Xili)) (born 4 June 1932) is a Swedish Sinologist.
Lee Hee-joon : They registered their marriage prior to the ceremony and had their private wedding ceremony in a wedding hall in Yongsan, Seoul on April 23, 2016.
Lee Hee-joon : Lee Hee-joon (born June 29, 1979) is a South Korean actor.
Ikumi Yoshimatsu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ikumi Yoshimatsu : Ikumi is both an actress and stunt double for Tao Okamoto in three episodes of the HBO series "Westworld"" She is also acting in Michael Bay's Netflix movie "6 Underground"" Ikumi has been cast to star in, and is currectly filming the international action thriller, 10 episodes action series Lightstinger" Ikumi starred as the lead actress in Nico Santucci's movie "Sarogeto" starring alongside Winsor Harmon and Eric Roberts.
Shila Amzah : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Renée Chen : Renee first gained recognition when she won fourth place in the 2001 New Talent Singing Awards.
Renée Chen : Renee "Jia-Wei" Chen is a Taiwanese singer and songwriter.
Renée Chen : She appeared as a guest in Leehom Wang's music video "Cockney Girl" which caught the attention of Sony Music Entertainment.
Liu Tsz Ling : Liu Tsz-Ling (born September 10, 1991 in Hong Kong) is a professional squash player who represents Hong Kong.
Tong Tsz Wing : Tong Tsz Wing (born July 26, 1992, in Hong Kong) is a professional squash player who represents Hong Kong.
Sharlene Cartwright-Robinson : Sharlene Linette Cartwright-Robinson JP (born 4 September 1971) is a Turks and Caicos Islands politician and lawyer who was the Premier of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Annalise Basso : Annalise Basso is the youngest child of Marcia and Louis Joseph Basso, and has an older brother and sister, Alexandria and Gabriel Basso, who are also actors.
Laura Ramsey : Ramsey was spotted while working in a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard and got an audition the next day, for a role she won—"The Real Cancun", a documentary that revolves around the true exploits of several American youths in Mexico She then began a role in ABC's television series, "The Days" before making her feature-film acting debut with Catherine Hardwicke's "Lords of Dogtown".
Zandra Mok : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zandra Mok : She later graduate in the London School of Economics and Political Science of the University of London with a Bachelor of Science degree in International Relations, and in the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London with a Master of Arts degree.
Lee Hi : Lee Hi made a comeback with her EP, "24°C", on May 30, 2019.
Lee Hi : Ahead of her debut, she was featured on label mate Epik High's single "It's Cold", which was released on October 8, 2012.
Lee Hi : On March 2, 2013, YGE revealed Lee Hi's debut album "First Love", would be released digitally on March 7 consisting of five tracks with lead single "It's Over", and physical release on March 28 with ten tracks including lead single "Rose".
Lee Hi : Lee Ha-yi (Korean:  ; born September 23, 1996), known by her stage name Lee Hi, is a South Korean singer and songwriter, who is best known as the runner-up of SBS' "K-pop Star Season 1".
Angel Chiang : Angel Chiang () (born November 10, 1989) is a Hong Kong actress contracted to TVB.
Angel Chiang : Since joining TVB she has played many mainly supporting roles, being cast in five series as the younger versions of older established TVB actresses.
Kim Ju-song : Kim Ju-song (김주성; born 15 October 1993) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a striker for April 25.
Xi Mingze : From 2006 to 2008, she studied French at her high school, Hangzhou Foreign Language School.
Xi Mingze : Xi Mingze (; ; born 25 June 1992), nicknamed Xiao Muzi (), is the only child of Chinese leader (CPC General Secretary) Xi Jinping and operatic-style traditional singer Peng Liyuan.
Jang Mi-inae : Jang Mi In-Ae (born May 28, 1984) is a South Korean former actress.
Julie Larson-Green : Larson-Green grew up in Maple Falls, in Whatcom County, Washington.
Julie Larson-Green : In February 2014, it was announced that Larson-Green would move to the role of chief experience officer of Microsoft's "My Life & Work" team, a move interpreted by many as making way for Stephen Elop, joining Microsoft as part of its acquisition of Nokia's devices business, to become head of the devices organization within Microsoft.
Julie Larson-Green : Larson-Green notably managed the implementation of ribbons in Microsoft Office 2007, replacing the menu-driven interface with context-specific "ribbons" for which she won a technical leadership award in 2013.
Ran Yu-Yu : Having quit Jungle Jack 21 and joined the villainous Seikigun stable on September 23, 2011, in order to get another shot at the Oz Academy Openweight Championship, Yu-Yu reunited with her old stablemates for her final self-produced event, titled "Starlight's Regret", on December 2, 2012, which saw Yu-Yu, Aja Kong, Akino, Hiroyo Matsumoto and Tomoka Nakagawa defeat Carlos Amano, Chikayo Nagashima, Meiko Satomura, Sonoko Kato and Tsubasa Kuragaki in a ten-woman tag team match that lasted over an hour.
Leila Goldkuhl : Leila Goldkuhl (born December 30, 1991) is an American fashion model.
Lee Wei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Luna Haruna : Haruna moved to the Sacra Music record label under Sony Music Entertainment Japan in April 2017.
Kim So-hyun : In 2018, Kim was cast in the romance drama "Radio Romance", which began airing on January 29.
Kim So-hyun : She was subsequently homeschooled for her secondary education, and passed her high school graduation exams by 2017.
Kim So-hyun : She moved to South Korea in 2003, when she was four years old.
Grace Poe : Mary Grace Natividad Sonora Poe-Llamanzares (baptized September 3, 1968, ] ) is a Filipina senator, businesswoman, educator, and philanthropist.
Gary Wozniak : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Gary Wozniak : Gary Wozniak (born November 27, 1987) is an American skeleton racer who won the gold medal at the 2012 Empire State Games in Lake Placid, New York.
Risa Taneda : Her role of Kisaki Kondo from WWW.Working!!
Risa Taneda : She majored in Design and later graduated with a Bachelor of Arts.
Risa Taneda : On August 4, 2017, Office Osawa announced that her treatment was successful and she would gradually return to voice acting.
Sarah Champion : Sarah Deborah Champion (born 10 July 1969) is a British Labour Party politician who serves as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rotherham in the House of Commons.
Sarah Champion : In 2015 three Rotherham Labour MPs, Kevin Barron, Champion and John Healey, started a defamation legal action against UKIP MEP Jane Collins after Collins falsely alleged in a UKIP conference speech that the three MPs knew about child exploitation in Rotherham but did not intervene, and in February 2017 the MPs were awarded £54,000 each in damages.
Sarah Champion : She secured 19,860 votes, increasing her majority by over 3,000.
Yui Yokoyama : On March 31, 2019, Yokoyama stepped down from the position of General Manager and became a regular member.
Yui Yokoyama : In the AKB48 Tokyo Dome Concert in 2012, it was announced that Yokoyama would join NMB48 and therefore hold a concurrent position between AKB48's Team A and NMB48.
Elizabeth Barret : Elizabeth Barret is an American documentary filmmaker.
Joan Crockatt : She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Saskatchewan and was awarded a Southam Fellowship in Journalism at the University of Toronto.
Sawako Hata : At the AKB48 27th Single Senbatsu Election in 2012, Hata placed 25.
Rina Kawaei : On May 17, 2019, Kawaei announced her pregnancy and her marriage to actor Tomoki Hirose, and said she will still try to continue to work in the entertainment industry.
Marie Avgeropoulos : Marie Avgeropoulos (Greek: Μαρία "Μαρί" Αυγεροπούλου; born 17 June 1986) is a Canadian actress and model.
Floriana Lima : Floriana Lima (born March 26, 1981) is an American actress.
Floriana Lima : She graduated from Fairfield Senior High School in 1999 and went on to study Communications at Ohio State University.
Floriana Lima : Floriana was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Dennis Lima and Angela Maynard.
Karen Iwata : On January 5, 2016, Iwata announced she would be leaving the group.
Karen Iwata : In December 2011, Iwata auditioned for a role in the TV animated series "AKB0048" and was selected to play the main character, Nagisa Motomiya.
Lee Jung-hee : On December 19, 2014, Mrs. Lee was removed from all political activities with the Unified Progressive Party, and the party itself was removed from the Korean political scene, due to the unconstitutional nature of her party policies which deemed by the South Korean court as "pro-North Korean" Lee and other members of her party were removed and the party disbanded.
Yumi Uchiyama : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yumi Uchiyama : After three years of blanking, she rejoined her original office in 2010 and re-debuted with the dubbing role of Abbey in the overseas drama "Let's Love Vampire" delivered on BeeTV.
Catherine Jacques : Catherine Jacques (born 28 September 1979 in Merksem) is a female Belgian judoka who competed in the middleweight category (70 kg).
Catherine Jacques : At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Jacques missed out of the Olympic podium in the women's 70 kg category, after she was defeated by Germany's Annett Böhm, who scored an ippon within thirty-eight seconds, in the bronze medal match.
Wu Chun-ching : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wu Chun-ching : On 19 December 2014, Wu transferred to China League One side Hunan Billows.
Wu Chun-ching : Wu Chun-ching () is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Tatung F.C..
Chiu I-huan : Chiu I-huan (; born 15 March 1990) is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a striker for Ming Chuan University.
Su Li-wen : Su Li-wen (; born 13 December 1980) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Shiori Tamai : Her signature color in the group Momoiro Clover Z is Yellow.
Momoka Ariyasu : Ariyasu attended the Faculty of Arts at Nihon University and graduated from Department of Photography in March 2017.
Park Se-young : In June 2018, Park signed with new agency CL& Company.
Park Se-young : After a supporting role in the 2017 legal thriller "Whisper", Park played the leading role in melodrama "Money Flower".
Ana Marcela Cunha : She became the youngest-ever swimmer to participate in the inaugural women's 10 km open water marathon, against a field of twenty-four other competitors, including her teammate Poliana Okimoto, South African amputee Natalie du Toit, British duo Keri-Anne Payne and Cassandra Patten, and sixteen-year-old American Chloe Sutton.
Shim Suk-hee : Shim Suk-hee (Hangul: 심석희; ] ; born 30 January 1997) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
Shim Suk-hee : Her talent was obvious from her time since elementary school, Kyungpo Elementary School, and led Shim’s parents to fully support Shim on her short track career.
So Yi-hyun : So married actor In Gyo-jin on October 4, 2014.
Yang Fen : Yang Fen (born July 31, 1982 in Hubei, China) is a Congolese table tennis player of Chinese origin.
Barbara Mittler : Art and Culture in Revolutionary China".
Barbara Mittler : Barbara Mittler (born 15 February 1968 in Hagen, West Germany) is a German sinologist.
Chloe Bennet : Chloe Wang (; born April 18, 1992), known professionally as Chloe Bennet, is an American actress, model and singer.
Chloe Bennet : While in China, Bennet lived with her paternal grandmother and studied Mandarin.
Chloe Bennet : In September 2017, after actor Ed Skrein stepped down from his role as Major Ben Daimio in the then-in production film "Hellboy" following backlash over the fact that Skrein, a white man, was playing Daimio, a character who is Japanese-American in the "Hellboy" comics, Bennet wrote a since-deleted post on Instagram in which she applauded Skrein's decision, and addressed her own experiences as an Asian actor in Hollywood, saying, "Changing my last name doesn't change the fact that my BLOOD is half Chinese, that I lived in China, speak Mandarin or that I was culturally raised both American and Chinese.
Lily Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lily Chan : Lily Chan, a Chinese singer in Hong Kong.
Clare Booth : Clare Booth (born 19 September 1964 at Liverpool) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Ri Hyong-mu : Ri Hyong-mu (born 4 November 1991) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender.
Ibuki Kido : which was used as the ending theme to the series.
Riley Reid : Reid was born Ashley Mathews in Florida She is of Dominican, Cherokee, Chickasaw, Dutch, German, Irish, Puerto Rican, and Welsh descent.
Sumire Uesaka : She is known as a Russophile who has great interest in Russian culture as well as the former Soviet Union.
Sumire Uesaka : Uesaka joined Space Craft Entertainment in April 2011.
Sumire Uesaka : Uesaka starred in a leading role for the anime series "Papa no Iu Koto wo Kikinasai!
Sumire Uesaka : On September 4, 2020, she announced that she has left Space Craft Entertainment, and is now working as a freelancer.
Sumire Uesaka : In March 2016, after several cases of online sexual harassment, she announced that her personal Twitter account would no longer be updated but resumed in November 2016.
Riria : In 2011, she won the Playboy Grand Prix prize at the third Gravure Japan awards.
Cecilia Yeung : She was also the Vice-chairwoman of the Reform Club of Hong Kong, school supervisor and principal of the St. Claire's College.
Cecilia Yeung : Cecilia Yeung Lai-yin (, born 1931 in Hong Kong) was the Wong Tai Sin District Board member (1983–1989, 1991–1994) and Urban Councillor (1971–1995).
Ayelet Shaked : She began her career in the Tel Aviv high-tech industry, working as an engineer at Texas Instruments.
Ayelet Shaked : Shaked is married to a fighter pilot in the Israeli Air Force.
Ayelet Shaked : In 2015, Shaked won the primary election for the Jewish Home Party, which was considered an achievement as a secular female politician within a religious party.
Lin Cheng-yi : Lin Cheng-yi is a Taiwanese international footballer who plays as a defender for Kaohsiung County Taipower and the Taiwan national team.
Laura Marie : In March 2015, Laura Marie returned to the studio to record her new album, which can be pre-ordered through her Bandcamp Subscription page.
Lupita Nyong'o : Nyong'o resides in the Brooklyn borough of New York City.
Lupita Nyong'o : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yisa Yu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yisa Yu : The summer of 2012 saw the release of a third album, "Lost Love".
Jean Kennedy Smith : On July 4, 1998, about three months after the historic Good Friday Agreement of April 10, 1998, Smith retired as ambassador to Ireland.
Jean Kennedy Smith : She attended Manhattanville College (at the time a Society of the Sacred Heart school, and still located in Purchase, New York), where she befriended future sisters-in-law Ethel Skakel (who married Jean's older brother Robert in 1950) and Joan Bennett (who married Jean's younger brother Ted in 1958).
Jean Kennedy Smith : In her brother Ted's memoir, he described that "Jean was convinced that Adams no longer believed that continuing the armed struggle was the way to achieve the IRA's objective of a united Ireland," and that "It took only a couple of hours' conversation with Jean after we landed to discover what was the most important thing on her mind – the opportunity for a breakthrough in the Northern Ireland stalemate."
Mai Endo : Her number in Idoling!!!
Mai Endo : She belongs to the same talent agency as fellow members Erica Tonooka, Serina Nagano, Yuna Itō and Karen Ishida.
Mai Endo : on February 14, 2014 at Zepp DiverCity in Odaiba, Tokyo to focus on her solo career.
Mai Endo : On March 2009, when the former leader, Sayaka Katō, graduated, she became the next leader of the group.
Mari Okada : Nobody had high hopes for her, and as she was graduating, she was constantly told that she “wouldn't survive in the real world.” Okada enrolled at the Tokyo Amusement Media School to study about games.
Carmen Ortiz : Ortiz reportedly considered a campaign for Governor of Massachusetts, but she denied interest in such a run.
Carmen Ortiz : Ortiz has two daughters and is married to IBM executive Thomas J. Dolan; her first husband, Michael Vittorio Morisi, died in 2000.
Carmen Ortiz : "Boston" magazine labeled her the third most powerful person in Boston in 2012 for her successful corruption prosecutions of former Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives Salvatore DiMasi, former state Senator Dianne Wilkerson, and former Boston City Councilor Chuck Turner.
Choi Da-bin : "At team events, medals awarded for team results only".
Choi Da-bin : "GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix"
Choi Da-bin : After skating the short program at the 2018 World Championships, Choi was compelled to withdraw due to equipment failure.
Choi Da-bin : At the 2014 World Junior Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria, she placed ninth in the short program, sixth in the free skate, and sixth overall setting a new personal best score of 162.35 points.
Sachika Misawa : She has a weekly solo radio called "" (三澤紗千香のラジオを聴くじゃんね！) which airs in 超！Ａ＆Ｇ＋ on every Tuesday 2 am (Monday 26 pm as written in Japanese).
Masha Ma : Her collections have been featured in leading publications such as "Vogue", "Elle", "Harper's Bazaar", "Pop", French "Playboy", "Cosmopolitan" and "L'Officiel".
Aki Higashihara : Higashihara also blogs, and a tongue-in-cheek internet meme holds that items which she blogs about are certain to suffer misfortune.
Oh Hyun-kyung : Oh Hyun-kyung (born Oh Sang-ji on March 25, 1970) is a South Korean actress.
Oh Hyun-kyung : In 2001, she returned to Korea and later found herself in the public eye once again after a hush-hush wedding in September 2002 to Kemongsa president Hong Seung-pyo (the M&A specialist played by Bae Yong-joon in the TV series "Hotelier" was based on Hong).
Bruna Ferraz : In 2007 she entered the adult industry signing an exclusive contract with the company Brasileirinhas; the same year she starred her first film, "A Garota da Web Sex".
Bruna Ferraz : Bruna Ferraz (born 5 September 1981) is a Brazilian adult model, pornographic actress and TV-personality.
Chan Tan Lui : Chan Tan Lui (, born 12 January 1969) is a Hong Kong people-Chinese table tennis player.
Zheng Minzhi : Zheng Minzhi also known as Cheng Min-chih is a former international table tennis player from China.
Anastasia Gromoglasova : Her repertoire includes works by Bach, Mozart, Haydn, Mendelssohn, Schubert, Brahms, Chopin, Rachmaninov, Scriabin, Schostakovitch, Debussy, Ravel, Lutoslawsky, Bizet, Prokofiev, etc.
Anastasia Gromoglasova : In 2009 Anastasia graduated with highest honours and attended the post graduate course until 2012.
Anastasia Gromoglasova : Anastasia Gromoglasova ( ; born 18 September 1984) is a Russian classical pianist.
Anastasia Gromoglasova : Anastasia Gromoglasova has won several awards and prizes in important international contests performing both as a solo and in a piano duo, together with her sister Liubov Gromoglasova.
Anastasia Gromoglasova : Anastasia Gromoglasova is a Russian pianist and a winner of several international awards.
Minase Yashiro : Minase Yashiro was born on February 3, 1985 in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Candice King : Candice Rene King (née Accola; born May 13, 1987) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter.
Candice King : On January 15, 2016, King gave birth to a daughter, Florence May.
Candice King : Candice Rene Accola was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Carolyn (née Clark), who was an environmental engineer before becoming a homemaker, and Kevin Accola, a cardiothoracic surgeon.
Song-Hee Kim : <templatestyles src="Legend/styles.css" />
Maialen Chourraut : Maialen Chourraut Yurramendi (born 8 March 1983 in Lasarte-Oria) is a Spanish slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2000.
Amy Kwok : Amy Kwok (; born September 26, 1967) is a former Miss Hong Kong (1991) winner and actress based in Hong Kong.
Algis Jankauskas : Algis Jankauskas (born 27 September 1982 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian professional football player currently playing for FK Sūduva.
Melitina Staniouta : Staniouta has appeared in a commercial ad for Bon Aqua.
Melitina Staniouta : Staniouta speaks Russian, Belarusian, English and French.
Marielle Heller : Together they have a son, Wylie Red Heller Taccone, born in December 2014.
Marielle Heller : Marielle Stiles Heller (born October 1, 1979) is an American writer, director, and actress.
Nozomi Ōhashi : in 2011.
Nozomi Ōhashi : On March 1, 2012, it was announced that Ōhashi would be retiring from show business to concentrate on her studies after entering junior high school.
Alison Brie : Alison Brie Schermerhorn (born (1982--) 29, 1982 ) is an American actress, writer, and producer.
Hao Lei : Hao Lei (born 1 November 1978) is a Chinese actress and singer, known for her starring roles in Lou Ye's films "Summer Palace" (2006) and "Mystery" (2012).
Liu Xijun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ximena Navarrete : On February 10, 2011, Navarrete became spokesperson of L'Oreal Paris and Old Navy.
Ximena Navarrete : During her reign, Navarrete traveled to Spain, multiple trips in Mexico, Indonesia, China, France, India, Russia, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Panama, Thailand, Brazil, Guatemala, Chile and Bahamas in addition to numerous trips around the United States.
Ximena Navarrete : Navarrete was born and raised in Guadalajara, the capital city of Jalisco, Mexico to a middle-class family.
Ximena Navarrete : Jimena "Ximena" Navarrete Rosete (born February 22, 1988) is a Mexican actress, TV host, model and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 2010.
Shirley Love : She made her professional opera début at the Metropolitan Opera on November 30, 1963 as the Second Lady in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "The Magic Flute" with Anna Moffo as Pamina, Nicolai Gedda as Tamino, Gianna D'Angelo as The Queen of the Night, Cesare Siepi as Sarastro, Theodor Uppman as Papageno, and Silvio Varviso conducting.
Beatrice Borromeo : Beatrice Borromeo Arese Taverna (born 18 August 1985, in San Candido) is an Italian aristocrat radio and television journalist.
Kang Kyung-wha : Kang Kyung-wha (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born April 7, 1955) is a South Korean diplomat and politician who served as the first Foreign Minister of South Korea under President Moon Jae-in from 2017 to 2021 as well as the first woman nominated for and appointed to the position.
Kang Kyung-wha : Kang held key roles in the United Nations under three consecutive Secretaries-General, from Kofi Annan and Ban Ki-moon to the current officeholder, Antonio Guterres.
Kang Kyung-wha : While working as the president's interpreter for three years, she gained then-President Kim's confidence due to her interpretation during his phone call with U.S. president Clinton.
Ho Kim Fai : Ho Kim Fai (; born 27 November 1962) is a Hong Kong rower and sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.
Lee Min-jung : Lee Min-jung (Hangul : 이민정) (born February 16, 1983) is a South Korean actress.
Lee Min-jung : She became a household name in 2009 through her supporting role in the popular high school series "Boys Over Flowers", which then landed her first leading role in the weekend drama "Smile, You".
Angela Schanelec : Angela Schanelec (born 14 February 1962) is a German actress, film director and screenwriter.
Angela Schanelec : Schanelec, Petzold and Arslan found support in the budding artistic scene of post-reunification Berlin, and in the production company Schramm Film, operated by Michael Weber and Florian Koerner von Gustorf.
Yang Lei : Yang Lei (; born October 12, 1984 in Chongqing), also known as Shinee Lee, is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved instant fame when she won the nationwide singing contest "Super Girl" in 2006.
Tseten Dolma : Tseten Dolma (Tibetan: ཚེ་བརྟན་སྒྲོལ་མ། , Wylie: "tshe brtan sgrol ma", ZYPY: "Cêdain Zhoima", Lhasa dialect: ]
Tseten Dolma : She has served the Tibet branch of the Chinese Musicians' Association in various roles since the 1960s, including being chairman, director and vice-chairman of CMA, deputy secretary of Bureau of Cultural Affairs of Tibet Autonomous Region.
Bronwyn Bancroft : Bancroft's art has also appeared in the publications of a number of other individuals and organisations, including as cover art for books from the Australian Museum and the New South Wales Education Department, for Larissa Behrendt's novel "Home", and for Roberta Sykes's controversial autobiographical narratives "Snake Cradle" and "Snake Dancing", among others.
Bronwyn Bancroft : Bancroft is a director of the Australian Indigenous Mentoring Experience, a not-for-profit organisation that aims to increase senior high school and university admission rates for Indigenous students.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : At Berkeley, Chang wrote her thesis on the study of bounded analytic functions.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : In 2004, she was interviewed by Yu Kiang Leong for "Creative Minds, Charmed Lives: Interviews at Institute for Mathematical Sciences, National University of Singapore", and she declared:"«In the mathematical community, we should leave room for people who want to do work in their own way.
Clara Mae : In 2008, she appeared on the singing competition program, "Next Star" where she performed Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You" and placed second.
Clara Mae : She performed Duffy's "Warwick Avenue" for her audition and Oh Laura's "Release Me" during the semi-final round, but failed to advance to the finals.
Katie Featherston : She is best known for portraying Katie in the film "Paranormal Activity", which was made in 2007 and released theatrically in the United States in 2009.
Katie Featherston : Katie Dianne Featherston (born October 20, 1982) is an American actress.
Lee Seung-min : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Saša Kolunija : Saša Kolunija (, born June 9, 1987) is a Bosnian Serb professional football player.
Aryana Engineer : Aryana Engineer (born March 6, 2001) is a Canadian former actress who made her debut in the 2009 horror film "Orphan", as a little girl named Max, alongside Vera Farmiga.
Kathryn Stockett : After graduating from the University of Alabama with a degree in English and Creative Writing, she moved to New York City.
Kristal Tin : Kristal Tin Yui Nei (, born (); 28 September 1977) is a Hong Kong singer and a former TVB actress .
Huang Qiushuang : She won gold in the individual all-around ahead of Russian soon-to be stars Aliya Mustafina and Tatiana Nabieva, and gold in the team event with teammates He Kexin, Xiao Sha and Zhang Jing.
Jessica Hausner : Jessica Hausner (born 6 October 1972) is an Austrian film director and screenwriter.
Ángeles Caso : Ángeles Caso (born 16 July 1959 in Gijón) is a Spanish journalist, translator and writer.
Michelle Saram : She is married to Ajai Lauw-Zecha, the son of Adrian Lauw-Zecha, founder of Aman Resorts and a scion of the Lauw-Sim-Zecha family, part of the Cabang Atas or Chinese gentry of colonial Indonesia.
Michelle Saram : Michelle Alicia Saram () is a Singaporean former actress & singer.
Lin Man-ting : Lin Man-ting (; born 10 July 1990 in Hualien City, Taiwan), or Claire, is a Taiwanese female footballer and futsal player with Amis descent.
Seohyun : Seohyun was born Seo Ju-hyun on June 28, 1991, in Seoul, South Korea, and is the only child in her family.
Seohyun : In March 2019, Seohyun signed with new agency Namoo Actors.
Seohyun : In March 2019, Seohyun signed with new agency Namoo Actors.
Carol Joyce : Carol Diane Joyce (born 29 December 1981) is a South African Olympic sprint canoer.
Sigalit Landau : Sigalit Ethel Landau ( ; born 1969) is an Israeli sculptor, video and installation artist.
Sigalit Landau : In 1994, Landau showed in the group exhibition 'Tranzit' in the haunted spaces of floor 5, at the Tel Aviv Central Bus Station, and in Export Surplus, the Bugrashov Gallery's street show.
Lou Jing : She was born to a Chinese mother and black father (an African American according to her), who left China before she was born and has lost contact ever since.
Lee Chien-na : At birth her name was ; she changed it to two months before her 34th birthday, 22 November 2018.
Jackie Evancho : Since 2009, she has issued a platinum-selling EP and eight albums, including three "Billboard" 200 top 10 debuts.
Marianne St-Gelais : Marianne St-Gelais (born February 17, 1990) is a Canadian former short track speed skater.
Susan Tse : Hung Ling-Fook (孔令馥, born 1 November 1951), better known as Susan Tse (謝雪心), is a Hong Kong television actress, who started her career in Chinese opera.
Ana de Armas : For her performance as nurse Marta Cabrera in the mystery film "Knives Out" (2019), de Armas was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical.
Sui Lu : She failed to make the beam final after a fall in the preliminary stage.
Yuja Wang : Yuja Wang (; born February 10, 1987) is a Chinese classical pianist.
Yuja Wang : On September 11, 2005, Wang was named a 2006 biennial Gilmore Young Artist Award winner, given to the most promising pianists age 22 and younger.
Amber Peterson : Amber Peterson (born April 24, 1982) is a Canadian freestyle skier.
Liza Donnelly : Liza Donnelly was born in Washington DC and graduated from Sidwell Friends School.
Liza Donnelly : Donnelly’s work has appeared in many other national publications, including "The New York Times", "The Harvard Business Review", "The Nation", "Audubon", "Glamour", "Good Housekeeping", "Cosmopolitan", "National Lampoon", "American Photographer", "Scholastic News", "Cobblestone", and "Habitat".
Liza Donnelly : She sold her first cartoon to "The New Yorker" in 1979, and they began to appear regularly in that magazine in 1982, at which time she was the youngest, and one of only three women cartoonists at the magazine.
Nicole Fox : Throughout the competition, Fox won two reward challenges and received three first call-outs.
Nicole Fox : Nicole Arianna Abuhamada (née Fox, born March 6, 1991) is an American model and actress, best known as the winner of Cycle 13 of "America's Next Top Model".
Xiao Sha : At the 11th Chinese national games in 2009, Xiao came 7th in all-round, 8th on balance beam and 5th on floor, while the Guizhou team led by Xiao came 7th.
Xiao Sha : Xiao Sha (, born 15 June 1992) is a retired Chinese gymnast.
Amy Dahl : She later worked as an administrative assistant at McGuire Bearing Company for 20 years, and has refereed volleyball for the past 27 years.
Roger Beck : Beck formerly played for FC Schaan, USV Eschen/Mauren, VfB Hohenems and FC Blau-Weiß Feldkirch.
Tine Van Rompuy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wong May : Her "Wannsee Poems", written during a DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) fellowship in Berlin, were translated as "Wannsee Gedichte" by Nicolas Born.
Thomas Holbein : Thomas Holbein (born March 6, 1983 in Belfort) is a French professional footballer, who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur 2 for AS Illzach Modenheim.
Asa Akira : Asa Akira (born January 3, 1986) is an American pornographic actress and adult film director.
Asa Akira : Akira was able to secure a scholarship to attend United Nations International School in Manhattan because her grandfather had been a Japanese diplomat for 45 years.
Asa Akira : She lived in SoHo and moved to Tokyo at age nine when her father, a portrait photographer, was relocated there for work.
Seo Hyun-jin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Seo Hyun-jin : Seo Hyun-jin (born February 27, 1985) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Manami Watanabe : "Blue Vibration/Kaze no Memori/to the end of the world" (September 24, 2008, Sistus Records, GNCX-0015)
Manami Watanabe : While she was an elementary pupil, she practiced songwriting and idolized Speed and Namie Amuro.
Treechada Petcharat : Treechada Petcharat ( ; ), better known by the names Poyd ( ; ), Nong Poy, or Treechada Malayaporn, is a Thai actress and model.
Treechada Petcharat : At age 19, Petcharat won the Miss Tiffany's 2004 and Miss International Queen 2004.
Erica Yuen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Erica Yuen : Yuen was elected the chairwoman of People Power, succeeding Christopher Lau in July 2013.
Erica Yuen : In 2005, Yuen participated in the Miss Hong Kong pageant where she was awarded the title of Tourism Ambassador and was named one of the top five finalists on the final night.
Mao Abe : From August until November, four acoustic demos of Abe songs were released on iTunes.
Mao Abe : Late in mid-2006, she entered the Yamaha Teens' Music Festival's Ōita regional contest on the recommendation of a musical instrument store manager, and performed "My Baby".
Ariana Grande : I hate America.
Ariana Grande : After watching the film "Blackfish" that year, she urged fans to stop supporting SeaWorld.
Ariana Grande : Ariana Grande-Butera ( ) (born June 26, 1993) is an American singer and actress.
Ariana Grande : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ariana Grande : In July 2015, Grande was seen on surveillance video in a doughnut shop licking doughnuts that were on display and saying "I hate Americans.
Ariana Grande : In November 2018, Grande released the single "Thank U, Next" and announced her fifth studio album of the same name.
Ariana Grande : In June 2019, Grande announced that she co-executive produced the soundtrack to the film "Charlie's Angels"; a collaboration with Miley Cyrus and Lana Del Rey, titled "Don't Call Me Angel", was released as the lead single on September 13, 2019.
Miori Takimoto : She appeared in a music video for Himari in November 2007.
Pat Ha : Pat Ha Man Jing () (born 21 November 1965) is a Hong Kong actress.
Pat Ha : Ha was nominated as "Best Actress" at the 5th Hong Kong Film Awards (1986) for her role in "My Name Ain't Suzie".
Irom Chanu Sharmila : In 2010, she won a lifetime achievement award from the Asian Human Rights Commission.
Irom Chanu Sharmila : Sharmila was awarded the 2007 Gwangju Prize for Human Rights, which is given to "an outstanding person or group, active in the promotion and advocacy of Peace, Democracy and Human Rights".
Iori Nomizu : She became a freelance in October 2007, working as a writer, providing lyrics and composition, and writing novels.
Iori Nomizu : In June 2006, she regularly appeared in the TBS drama series "Akihabara@Deep".
Janet C. Wolfenbarger : Janet Carol Wolfenbarger (née Libby; born 1958) is a retired United States Air Force four-star general who served as the eighth commander of Air Force Materiel Command from June 5, 2012, to June 8, 2015.
Janet C. Wolfenbarger : Along with her various duty assignments she furthered her education with a Master of Science degree in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1985 and another Master of Science degree in national resource strategy from Industrial College of the Armed Forces in 1994.
Janet C. Wolfenbarger : Wolfenbarger was the U.S. Air Force's highest-ranking woman, a distinction held until January 1, 2010, by Lt. Gen. Terry Gabreski, whom Wolfenbarger succeeded at Wright-Patterson.
Troian Bellisario : Her mother is African American, and also has some French and English ancestry.
Troian Bellisario : Her parents are producers Donald P. Bellisario and Deborah Pratt.
Becky James : Rebecca Angharad James (born 29 November 1991) is a Welsh former professional racing cyclist specialising in track cycling.
Liao Xiaoyi : Through her role as president of Global Village of Beijing, she has produced models for green neighborhood complexes, rural communities, and organized many public awareness campaigns regarding pollution, recycling and reducing consumption.
Liao Xiaoyi : She served as an environmental adviser on the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2008 Olympic Games.
Liao Xiaoyi : After graduating from Sun Yat-sen University in 1986, Liao taught philosophy as a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, where she first gained an interest in environmental philosophy.
Kaiane Aldorino : From 2017 to 2019, she held the ceremonial position of Mayor of Gibraltar, after previously serving as Deputy Mayor since 2014.
Kaiane Aldorino : Kaiane Loise Aldorino Lopez, GMH (née Aldorino; born 8 July 1986) is a Gibraltarian politician, former Mayor of Gibraltar and beauty queen who won Miss World 2009.
Evelyn Hu : She has also developed biological approaches to nanotechnology, using biological assembly pathways to control the composition and structure of novel devices.
Karolína Plíšková : Plíšková utilizes an extremely aggressive style, highlighted by her powerful, accurate serve, forceful groundstrokes, and aggressive net play, to extract errors from opponents or win points outright.
Nicole Gibbs : Nicole Gibbs (born March 3, 1993) is an American retired tennis player.
Nicole Gibbs : Gibbs was the top player in both singles and doubles for the Stanford women's team.
Nicole Gibbs : Gibbs graduated in 2010 from Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California, and from Stanford University in 2014.
Liza Lou : She currently lives and works in KwaZulu-Natal and Los Angeles.
Liza Lou : Liza Lou (born 1969) is an American visual artist best known for producing large scale sculpture using glass beads.
Natalie Bennett : Later the same year she stood for the Greens in the Camden Council election in the Regent's Park ward and again in the Camden Council election of 2010 in the Somers Town ward, but was not elected on either occasion.
Natalie Bennett : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Natalie Bennett : She then took the degrees of Bachelor of Agricultural Science (BAgrSc Hons) at the University of Sydney, Bachelor of Arts (BA Hons) in Asian Studies at the University of New England and Master of Arts (MA) in Mass Communication from the University of Leicester, graduating from the latter in 2001.
Natalie Bennett : Bennett was born on 10 February 1966 in Eastwood, a suburb of Sydney, Australia, the daughter of John and Joy Bennett.
Siti Zailah Mohd Yusoff : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Siti Zailah Mohd Yusoff : In July 2014, after the shootdown of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Siti Zailah stated that in light of the possibility of "Allah's wrath" Malaysia Airlines should stop serving alcohol and revise the dress code of the female flight attendants, and especially so for Muslim females.
Kim Yoo-hyun : Kim Yoo-Hyun (Hangul: 김유현, Hanja: 金裕賢) is a former South Korean amateur boxer.
Christian Strohdiek : Christian Strohdiek (born 22 January 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Würzburger Kickers.
Katherine Johnson : According to an oral history archived by the National Visionary Leadership Project:
Katherine Johnson : She was a member of Carver Memorial Presbyterian Church for 50 years.
Katherine Johnson : In a 2016 video NASA stated, "Her calculations proved as critical to the success of the Apollo Moon landing program and the start of the Space Shuttle program, as they did to those first steps on the country's journey into space."
Katherine Johnson : NASA renamed the Independent Verification and Validation Facility, in Fairmont, West Virginia, to the Katherine Johnson Independent Verification and Validation Facility on February 22, 2019.
Katherine Johnson : Johnson's work included calculating trajectories, launch windows, and emergency return paths for Project Mercury spaceflights, including those for astronauts Alan Shepard, the first American in space, and John Glenn, the first American in orbit, and rendezvous paths for the Apollo Lunar Module and command module on flights to the Moon.
Kesha : Kesha later sang background vocals for Paris Hilton's single, "Nothing in This World".
Sloane Stephens : Stephens was born on March 20, 1993 in Plantation, Florida to Sybil Smith and John Stephens, both of whom were accomplished athletes.
Sloane Stephens : 3 Serena Williams.
Sloane Stephens : Sloane Stephens (born March 20, 1993) is an American professional tennis player.
Mary Hon : In 2019, Hon was diagnosed with meningitis and she was hospitalized.
Mary Hon : Mary Hon is an actress from TVB in Hong Kong.
Mary Flower : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Diana Panton : She won a Juno Award for Children's Album of the Year in 2017 for "I Believe in Little Things" and a 2015 Juno award for Vocal Jazz Album for "RED".
Diana Panton : Panton holds a Master's degree in French literature from McMaster University and studied art at the Parsons School in Paris.
Taishi Taguchi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sally Aw : Aw was known foremost as a media mogul, proprietor of the English language business newspaper "The Standard" and the Chinese language news group Sing Tao Holdings, including "Sing Tao Daily" and "Sing Tao Wan Pao", founded by her father in 1938, as well as "" () she founded in 1963 and "Tin Tin Daily News" she owned via Sing Tao Holdings' listed subsidiary (better known as its Hong Kong subsidiary Jademan Holdings)
Fuziah Salleh : Before entering politics, Fuziah was a corporate trainer and training consultant for multinationals, corporate institutions and NGOs in the area of human resource development and women's empowerment.
Fuziah Salleh : In the early stage of Reformasi movement in Malaysia, Fuziah Salleh was one of the leaders of an Islamic NGO, Jamaah Islah Malaysia (widely known as JIM) and also the "early bath group" joined National Justice Party ( ) which was established on 4 April 1999.
Naya Rivera : Naya Marie Rivera ( ; January 12, 1987July 8, 2020) was an American actress, singer and model.
Naya Rivera : In April 2013 she began dating recording artist Big Sean, and the couple announced their engagement in October 2013 but split up in April 2014.
Naya Rivera : On July 8, 2020, Rivera was declared a missing person after her four-year-old son, Josey, was found alone in Rivera's rented boat at Lake Piru, a man-made reservoir in the Los Padres National Forest in Ventura County, California.
Kagney Linn Karter : Karter was born in Harris County, Texas and raised in Saint Joseph, Missouri and Ridgway, Pennsylvania.
Kagney Linn Karter : Kagney Linn Karter (born March 28, 1987), is an American pornographic actress, model and former stripper.
Kagney Linn Karter : She also was featured on the cover of Holly Randall's photo book "Erotic Dream Girls", which was published in October 2009.
Kagney Linn Karter : In 2009, she was chosen as the "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for June, and appeared on the covers of "Hustler" in April and "Adult Video News" in June.
Kagney Linn Karter : In 2012, Kagney took part in Louis Theroux's "Twilight of the Porn Stars", a BBC documentary about the porn industry, its struggling to compete with free internet alternatives, and the lives of famous porn stars.
Teo Nie Ching : In the 2017 DAP re-elections, Teo received 1080 votes and was appointed International Secretary.
Teddy Sinclair : She has described her teenage years as "degenerate," stating that she tried to set her ex-boyfriend's house on fire while both were in it.
Teddy Sinclair : After being fired from "The X Factor", it was revealed in the media that Sinclair had left her record label, Cherrytree Records, shortly before appearing on the show.
Teddy Sinclair : In 2007, while writing music for films, she posted "Womannequin," a demo she produced and wrote under the name Natalia Cappuccini, to MySpace.
Teddy Sinclair : Sinclair was born Natalia Noemi Cappuccini in Bradford, West Yorkshire, to a British father of Afro-Jamaican heritage and a Uruguayan mother, and attended Bradford Girls' Grammar School.
Teddy Sinclair : The band's first song, "Mr. Watson", was released on Soundcloud in February, followed by "Diamond Days" in April, which was also released on iTunes.
Teddy Sinclair : Natalia Noemi "Teddy" Sinclair (née Cappuccini; born 15 August 1986), is an English singer, songwriter and actress.
Teddy Sinclair : Sinclair attended an after-party for the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, held on 25 August 2013 in Brooklyn, New York City, where she performed various songs from "Trouble".
Hyuna : On November 5, 2019, she released a single titled "Flower Shower", her first release under P Nation.
Hyuna : On March 11, she performed at the K-Pop Night Out at SXSW at Austin, Texas.
Hyuna : On May 24, Hyuna collaborated with makeup artists Son & Park to launch a series of charitable activities titled "Kiss of Hope", whose profits were donated to the education of children in poor countries.
Hyuna : After leaving the ensemble shortly after, Hyuna subsequently left JYP Entertainment and joined the girl group 4Minute, under Cube Entertainment.
Hyuna : In March 2012, she joined "The Birth of a Family", an "animal communion variety" program where idols adopt stray pets and take care of them for a certain period of time to raise awareness for animal rights.
Hyuna : Hyuna collaborated with Lee Gi-kwang on the song "2009" for his debut album "First Episode: A New Hero", and also appeared in the music video of his single "Dancing Shoes," which was released on March 30, 2009.
Hyuna : In January 2021, P Nation announced Hyuna's first comeback since "Flower Shower", with the release of her seventh EP "I'm Not Cool" and its title track of the same name, which was released on January 28.
Alice S. Huang : Later, in her work with her husband at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, one of the vesicular stomatitis viruses (VSV) she studied made ribonucleic acid (RNA) from RNA instead of DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), which did not follow the conventional central dogma: DNA RNA Protein.
Lauren Kate : Her titles include "The Betrayal of Natalie Hargrove" and "Fallen", which reached number 3 on the "New York Times" Best Seller List for children's chapter books on January 8, 2010, remaining there through April 2011.
Deborah York : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Iris Apfel : In 2013, she was listed as one of the fifty "Best-Dressed over 50" by "The Guardian".
Iris Apfel : She studied art history at New York University and attended art school at the University of Wisconsin.
Iris Apfel : Apfel was also featured in the documentary "If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast", a television film which premiered in 2017.
Iris Apfel : At age 90 in 2012, Apfel was a visiting professor at University of Texas at Austin.
Iris Apfel : Iris Apfel ( Barrel; born August 29, 1921) is an American businesswoman, interior designer, and fashion icon.
Iris Apfel : In March 2016, Apfel announced a collaboration with technology startup WiseWear on an upcoming line of Smart Jewelry.
Iris Apfel : The success of the exhibition, curated by Stéphane Houy-Towner, prompted an initial traveling version of the exhibit at the Norton Museum of Art in West Palm Beach, Florida, the Nassau County Museum of Art in Roslyn Harbor, New York, and later at the Peabody Essex Museum in Salem, Massachusetts.
Iris Apfel : From 1950 to 1992, Iris Apfel took part in several design restoration projects, including work at the White House for nine presidents: Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, and Clinton.
Johnny Meg do Nascimento Osório : In January 2010 the German club VfL Bochum was interested in signing Johnny on a loan deal that fell through.
Tinashe : Her notable roles included as a motion-capture model in the animated film "The Polar Express" (2004), Robin Wheeler in the Cartoon Network television series "Out of Jimmy's Head" (2007–2008), and a recurring role in the CBS series "Two and a Half Men" (2008–2009).
Carly Chaikin : Chaikin knew she wanted to be an actress since she was 11.
Carly Chaikin : During this time she played a variety of sports, including volleyball, softball, basketball, and soccer.
Carly Chaikin : Chaikin appeared in the 2012 independent film "My Uncle Rafael" starring John Michael Higgins.
Carly Chaikin : Chaikin was born in Santa Monica, California, to a cardiologist father and a psychotherapist mother.
Carly Chaikin : In 2009, Chaikin landed the role of Veronica in the film "The Consultants", released December 4, 2010 in the US.
Carly Chaikin : In 2015, Chaikin guest-starred on Marc Maron's TV show, "Maron", as Tina, a college teaching assistant whom Marc's friend (played by Adam Goldberg) has slept with.
Carly Chaikin : Chaikin is involved with the charitable organization National Alliance on Mental Illness, which conducts research and support for people and their families impacted by mental illness.
Carly Chaikin : In addition to acting, Chaikin is a writer and producer of short films, including "Happy Fucking Birthday", and "Nowhere to Go", which was honored at the First Glance Film Festival in 2013.
Carly Chaikin : In 2013, Chaikin was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in "Suburgatory" and was discussed as a potential Emmy nomination.
Carly Chaikin : The same year, Chaikin starred alongside Miley Cyrus in the film adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' "The Last Song", initially released in the US on March 31, 2010.
Matylda Damięcka : Matylda Damięcka (born June 10, 1985, Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish actress.
Sheryl Bailey : Sheryl Bailey (born May 20, 1966) is an American jazz guitarist and educator.
Sheryl Bailey : She has taught at Berklee, summer workshops at Stanford University, and the Collective School of Music in New York City.
Sheryl Bailey : Her sixth album, "A New Promise", was released by MCG Jazz on February 2, 2010 and was a tribute to jazz guitarist Emily Remler.
Holly Brooks : Holly Brooks (born April 17, 1982) is an American cross-country skier from Seattle, Washington who competed for Whitman College in 2001–04 and has competed recreationally since 2009.
Shinobu Terajima : Her father is the kabuki actor Onoe Kikugorō VII, her mother the actress Sumiko Fuji, and her brother the kabuki actor Onoe Kikunosuke V.
Louise Cliffe : Cliffe attended Our Lady's' Catholic High School in Higher Blackley, where she was a talented athlete, becoming Manchester Hurdles Champion on three occasions.
Louise Cliffe : Cliffe, dubbed "Manchester's Kelly Brook", was born in Middleton, Rochdale.
Alice Sara Ott : Her Japanese mother had studied piano in Tokyo; her father was a German civil engineer.
Alice Sara Ott : Alice Sara Ott (born 1 August 1988) is a German classical pianist.
Alice Sara Ott : Ott has a recording contract with Deutsche Grammophon and her recordings include:
Halimah Mohamed Sadique : Halimah binti Mohamed Sadique (Jawi: حليمة بنت محمد صديق; born 2 February 1962) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Minister of National Unity in the Perikatan Nasional (PN) administration under Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin since March 2020 and Member of Parliament (MP) for Kota Tinggi since May 2018.
Halimah Mohamed Sadique : She served as the Deputy Minister of Urban Wellbeing, Housing, and Local Government in the Barisan Nasional (BN) administration under former Prime Minister Najib Razak and former Ministers Abdul Rahman Dahlan as well as Noh Omar from May 2013 to the collapse of the BN administration in May 2018, MP for Tenggara from March 2008 to May 2018, Member of the Johor State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Pasir Raja from March 2004 to March 2008 and MLA for Gunung Lambak from April 1995 to March 2004.
Rose Connors : She graduated from Mount St. Mary's College with a degree in American history.
Mette Frederiksen : Mette Frederiksen (] ; born 19 November 1977) is a Danish politician who has been Prime Minister of Denmark since June 2019 and Leader of the Social Democrats since June 2015.
Wang Chunli : Wang Chunli (; born August 10, 1983 in Jilin) is a Chinese biathlete and cross-country skier.
Chang Mi-hee : Chang Mi-hee (born January 27, 1958) is a South Korean actress.
Chang Mi-hee : Chang was commonly referred to as "New Troika" or "Second Troika" along with her rival actresses, Jeong Yun-hui and Yu Ji-in of the 1970s and 1980s after the "First Troika", Moon Hee, Nam Jeong-im, and Yoon Jeong-hee of the 1960s.
Yoon Jeong-hee : Yoon Jeong-hee (; born July 30, 1944 in Gwangju, Korea) is a South Korean actress active since 1967.
Yoon Jeong-hee : She came out of retirement in 2010 to star in Lee Chang-dong's film, "Poetry", which won her the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Performance by an Actress.
Beckii Cruel : On 9 December, she released her first idol DVD, titled "This is Beckii Cruel!".
Beckii Cruel : Rebecca Anne Flint (born 5 June 1995), better known by her stage name Beckii Cruel, is a Manx Businesswoman, YouTuber, singer, and dancer from England.
Beckii Cruel : In October 2009, Cruel visited Japan and formed a group called the Cruel Angels, with 18-year-old French college student, known by her stage name Sarah Cruel, from Lyons, and a student from Portsmouth known by her stage name as Gemma Cruel.
Moon Hee : Moon Hee retired from the acting career when she married Jang Gang-jae, the vice president of Hankook Ilbo in November 1971 who later became the chair of the newspaper company.
Valérie Maltais : Valérie Maltais (born July 4, 1990) is a Canadian short track speed skater and speed skater.
Thérèse Coffey : The Rev.
Lee Mi-sook : Lee Mi-sook (born April 2, 1960) is a South Korean actress.
Kim Hee-ae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Hee-ae : Among her most significant dramas during this period were "Beyond the Mountains" (1991) and "Sons and Daughters" (1992), for which she won the highest award at the MBC Drama Awards and the Baeksang Arts Awards, called the Daesang ("Grand Prize").
Xu Mengtao : Xu captured a silver medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.
Lee Ki-ho : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Gaia Bassani Antivari : Gaia Bassani Antivari (born July 8, 1978) is an alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and 2014.
Hanna Johansen : Hanna Johansen, born Hanna Margarete Meyer (17 June 1939 in Bremen), is a Swiss writer.
Cai Xuetong : Cai Xuetong (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born 26 September 1993) is a Chinese snowboarder.
Hailee Steinfeld : Steinfeld was born in the Tarzana neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, the younger of two children of Cheri ("née" Domasin), an interior designer, and Peter Steinfeld, a personal fitness trainer.
Alexandra Popp : In interviews she has declared herself a fan of Borussia Dortmund.
Na Young-hee : Na Young-hee (born September 20, 1961) is a South Korean actress.
Park Seung-hi : Park Seung-hi (] ; born 28 March 1992) is a former South Korean short track and long track speed skater.
Mary Jean Reimer : Mary Jean Reimer (born 22 May 1964), also known as Yung Jing-Jing, is a Hong Kong solicitor, insurance agent and actress.
Fumiyo Kōno : Kōno studied science at Hiroshima University and moved to Tokyo, becoming an assistant to Katsuyuki Toda, Aki Morino, and Fumiko Tanigawa.
Garbiñe Muguruza : Garbiñe Muguruza was born in Caracas, Venezuela, on 8 October 1993 to Venezuelan mother, Scarlet Blanco and Spanish father José Antonio Muguruza.
Sun Linlin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Han Seung-yeon : She later left South Korea to study at Tenafly High School in New Jersey, United States.
Cheng Shuang : Cheng Shuang (; born February 11, 1987) is a Chinese female aerial skier who has competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Li Hongxue : Li Hongxue (; born March 9, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese cross country skier who has competed since 2003.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka has also starred in numerous films, including "Carriers" (2009), "Flowers in the Attic" (2014), "The Blackcoat's Daughter" (2015), and "The Silence" (2019).
Kiernan Shipka : Kiernan Brennan Shipka was born in Chicago, Illinois, to John Young Shipka, a real estate developer, and Erin Ann Brennan.
Kiernan Shipka : In 2014, Shipka was named one of "The 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014" by "Time" magazine.
Margaret M. Mitchell : She has served on the editorial board of the Journal of Biblical Literature and New Testament Studies and is currently the co-editor of a number of series including the Novum Testamentum Supplement series (Brill) and the Writings from the Greco-Roman World text and translation series (Society of Biblical Literature).
Margaret M. Mitchell : Margaret M. Mitchell (born 1956) is an American scholar of early Christianity.
Kazune Kawahara : Kawahara's series has also been adapted as a collection of six light novels written by and illustrated by Kazune Kawahara.
Ana Reeves : In 2010, in the Pedro Sienna Awards she received the prize for "Best Supporting Actress Performance" for the film "The Maid".
Lee Yo-won : Lee Yo-won (born April 9, 1980) is a South Korean actress.
Lee Yo-won : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Goo Hara : In July 2015, Goo debuted as a solo artist with the release of the EP "Alohara (Can You Feel It?
Goo Hara : On November 24, 2019, Goo was found dead at her home in Cheongdam-dong, Gangnam, with the cause of death ruled as a possible suicide.
Goo Hara : On January 19, 2011, it was announced that Goo would be terminating her contract with her label DSP Media along with three other members of Kara, and a lawsuit was filed on their behalf.
Goo Hara : On January 15, 2016, Kara disbanded due to Goo and fellow members Park Gyu-ri and Han Seung-yeon leaving DSP Media upon the expiration of their contracts with the company.
Goo Hara : In June 2015, she released a beauty book titled "Nail Hara".
Goo Hara : Goo came to Seoul while attending and participated in SM Entertainment's youth appearance tournament in 2005.
Ha Hee-ra : Ha Hee-ra (born October 30, 1969) is a South Korean actress.
Emeli Sandé : Sandé attended school at Alford Academy, where her father was a teacher.
Emeli Sandé : Sandé possesses a soprano vocal range.
Emeli Sandé : She remembers that that, “was the first time I thought I might be a songwriter.
Emeli Sandé : In January 2012, Sandé confirmed that she was engaged to her then unidentified, long-term boyfriend of seven years.
Emeli Sandé : In 2017, she received the Brit Awards' Best British Female Solo Artist award, becoming her fourth win in total.
Emeli Sandé : Sandé's fiancé was revealed as marine biologist Adam Gouraguine when the pair married in his home nation of Montenegro on 15 September 2012.
Emeli Sandé : Her album "Our Version of Events" spent ten non-consecutive weeks at number one and became the best-selling album of 2012 in the UK, with over 1 million sales.
He Zhuoyan : She started her career by participating in the Hangzhou "Super Girl" singing contest in 2005, winning the sixth position among the top ten finalists.
He Zhuoyan : He Zhuoyan (born 26 November 1988) is a Chinese actress and singer.
Natalia Gherman : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Natalia Gherman : She joined the Moldovan diplomatic service, working in several different places before eventually becoming Ambassador to Austria and Permanent Representative to the OSCE from 2002 to 2006, and Ambassador to Sweden, Norway and Finland from 2006 to 2009.
Wang Ching-feng : In 2004, as an independent, Wang served as a member in the highly controversial 3-19 Shooting Investigation Committee organised by the pan-blue coalition after its loss in the 2004 ROC Presidential election.
Wang Ching-feng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Ching-feng : Wang graduated from the Taipei First Girls' High School and received her bachelor's and master's degrees in law from National Chengchi University.
Wang Ching-feng : On 10 March 2010, Wang announced that she is in favour of the eventual abolition of the death penalty; she emphasised that she would not allow any executions during her tenure.
Jeon Ji-soo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lena Meyer-Landrut :  Media related to
Lena Meyer-Landrut : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In June 2010 she graduated from IGS Roderbruch Hannover, a comprehensive school, receiving her Abitur diploma.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Lena Meyer-Landrut was born in Hanover, Germany, on 23 May 1991.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She usually refuses to answer questions about her private life, including her family, friends and personal beliefs, sometimes calling questions "stupid" or responding with counterquestions instead.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She represented Germany for the second consecutive time in the Eurovision Song Contest at Düsseldorf in 2011 with the song "Taken by a Stranger", coming tenth.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She grew up as an only child, and started taking dancing lessons at the age of five; initially doing ballet and later practising various modern styles, including hip-hop and jazz dance.
Pandelela Rinong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Ji-yeon : Park made her solo debut in May 2014, releasing the title track "Never Ever" (also known as "1 Minute 1 Second").
Choi Ji-hyun : Choi Ji-hyun (born March 9, 1994) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
Greta Gerwig : Greta Celeste Gerwig ( ; born August 4, 1983) is an American actress and filmmaker.
Sue Gardner : In 2013, Gardner received an honorary doctorate from Ryerson University, her alma mater.
Sue Gardner : In March 2006, she succeeded Claude Galipeau as senior director of the CBC website and Internet platform, CBC.ca, building its staff from 35 to 160.
Sue Gardner : Sue Gardner (born May 11, 1967) is a Canadian journalist, not-for-profit executive and business executive.
Sue Gardner : Gardner began her career on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) radio in 1990 on the program "As It Happens", and worked for more than a decade as a producer, reporter and documentary maker for CBC Radio current affairs and for Newsworld International, focusing on pop culture and social issues.
Sue Gardner : It was announced on May 1, 2014 that Lila Tretikov would be replacing Gardner, and would take over as executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation on June 1, 2014.
Emily Ratajkowski : She credits that cover for bringing her the two unsolicited, high-profile, music video roles.
Nathalia Dill : Nathalia Goyannes Dill Orrico (born March 24, 1986), better known as Nathalia Dill, is a Brazilian actress.
Pansy Ho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Catalano : In 2016 she described her ambition to win the Women's World Snooker Championship, to date she has been runner-up five times, the most recently in 2018.
Emma Bonney : Bonney was born on 13 July 1976 in Portsmouth.
Angelababy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Angelababy : In October 2016, Huang and Angelababy announced her pregnancy.
Lynn Hung : Hung gave birth to twin daughters Kaylor and Lyvia in April 2018, in a private hospital located on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
Lynn Hung : Xiong Dailin (熊黛林, born 10 October 1980), better known as Lynn Hung, is a Hong Kong-based fashion model and actress originally from mainland China.
Jessica Henwick : She is also known for her roles as Nymeria Sand in HBO series "Game of Thrones" (2015–2017), X-wing pilot Jessika Pava in "" (2015) and the character Colleen Wing in "Iron Fist" (2017–2018), "The Defenders" (2017) and the second season of "Luke Cage" (2018).
Bouthaina Shaaban : She is married to Iraqi Dr. Khalil Jawad with two daughters and a son.
Bouthaina Shaaban : In 2005, Shaaban was presented with "the Most Distinguished Woman in a Governmental Position" award by the Arab League.
Bouthaina Shaaban : Born in Masudiyah, Homs and a member of the Syrian Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party since the age of 16, she was educated in Britain and obtained her Ph.D. in English literature from the University of Warwick.
Bouthaina Shaaban : Shaaban was particularly visible in English-speaking media after the Valentine's Day 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri, when she participated in several television interviews and wrote several op-ed pieces attacking the United Nations probe into Syrian involvement in the murder and insisted that Israel and the United States were responsible for Hariri's assassination.
Seo Woo : Seo Woo (born Kim Moon-joo; July 7, 1985) is a South Korean actress.
Gladys Kalema-Zikusoka : Kalema-Zikusoka is married to Lawrence Zikusoka, a technology entrepreneur and one of the co-founders of Conservation Through Public Health.
Gladys Kalema-Zikusoka : Kalema-Zikusoka was profiled in the BBC documentary, Gladys the African Vet.
Gladys Kalema-Zikusoka : In 2018, Dr. Kalema-Zikusoka was awarded the EarthCare Award by the United States-based Sierra Club, in recognition of her "unique contribution to international environmental protection and conservation", as related to her work in environmental protection and co-existence between communities and mountain gorillas in Uganda.
Gladys Kalema-Zikusoka : When Kalema-Zikusoka was 25, she was appointed to be the veterinary officer for the Ugandan Wildlife Service, which later merged with Uganda's national parks to become the Uganda Wildlife Authority.
Humaima Malick : Humaima Malick is a Pakistani actress and model who appears in Pakistani and Bollywood films and serials.
Billie Young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Billie Young : Family Secrets, Westry Wingate Press, 2009,<templatestyles src="Module:Citation/CS1/styles.css" />
Amber Rudd : Rudd helped to find extras for the film "Four Weddings and a Funeral" (1994), for which she was credited as the "aristocracy co-ordinator", and appeared briefly in one of the church scenes in the film.
Amber Rudd : After she had stood at the 2005 general election as the Conservative candidate for the Labour-held seat of Liverpool Garston, Rudd's name was added to the Conservative A-List.
Amber Rudd : Her maiden speech advocated wholesale reform of the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP).
Amber Rudd : Between 1998 and 2000, she was also a director of two companies based in the Bahamas, Advanced Asset Allocation Fund and Advanced Asset Allocation Management.
Amber Rudd : Following the 2015 general election, where she held her seat with an increased majority, she was promoted as Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change.
Amber Rudd : After graduating from university, she joined J.P. Morgan & Co., working in both London and New York.
Amber Rudd : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amber Rudd : She was educated at New Hall School, Cheltenham Ladies' College, an independent school in Gloucestershire, and from 1979 to 1981 at Queen's College, London, an independent day school for girls in London, followed by Edinburgh University where she read History.
Amber Rudd : In October 2016, Rudd decided not to open an inquiry into the events at Orgreave during the 1984 miners' strike, saying that there was "not a sufficient basis for me to instigate either a statutory inquiry or an independent review".
Amber Rudd : Her elder brother Roland is a public relations executive, and was a prominent Labour supporter.
Amber Rudd : On 3 October 2017, during the Conservative Party Conference, it was reported that Rudd had hired Tory pollster Lynton Crosby to help her increase her majority in Hastings and Rye, amid speculation that she was planning to launch a bid for leadership of the party.
Amber Rudd : When Theresa May became Prime Minister in July 2016, Rudd was appointed Home Secretary, thus becoming the fifth woman to hold one of the Great Offices of State, after Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Beckett, Jacqui Smith and May herself.
Amber Rudd : In September 2017 on "The Andrew Marr Show", Rudd accused Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson of trying to undermine the Prime Minister, Theresa May, calling him a 'back-seat driver'.
Amber Rudd : In November 2015, she proposed that the UK's remaining coal-fired power stations would be shut by 2025 with their use restricted by 2023.
Amber Rudd : In July 2015, Craig Bennett of Friends of the Earth accused Rudd of hypocrisy in claiming to want to address climate change while at the same time, in his view, "dismantling an architecture of low-carbon policies carefully put together with cross-party agreement over the course of two parliaments".
Amber Rudd : However, senior figures in the business world warned the plan would be a "complete anathema" to responsible employers, would be divisive, and would damage the British economy because foreign workers were hired to fill gaps in skills that British staff could not provide.
Amber Rudd : In August 2017, an emergency High Court hearing was held to examine Rudd's four-week delay in releasing an asylum seeker, who had been tortured in a Libyan prison, from a British detention centre.
Amber Rudd : Piloted as part of a campaign against "radicalisation", Rudd stated that the government would be tightening the law so that British citizens repeatedly reading certain forbidden internet content could face up to 15 years in jail for looking at the websites.
Amber Rudd : Rudd was born on 1 August 1963 in Marylebone, London, the fourth child of stockbroker Tony Rudd (1924–2017) and magistrate Ethne Fitzgerald (1929–2008), daughter of Maurice Fitzgerald QC (grandson of the judge and Liberal politician John FitzGerald, Baron FitzGerald of Kilmarnock) and Christine (daughter of Augustus Bradhurst).
Amber Rudd : Rudd also dismissed the idea that a free movement zone between British and Australian citizens – a measure supported by former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott – would be established upon leaving the European Union, stating "there are no plans to increase immigration from Australia...so I wouldn't envisage any change".
Nicole Jung : She attended Mark Keppel Elementary School and Toll Middle School in Glendale, California.
Harriett Baldwin : Harriet married James Stanley Baldwin in 2004; she has two stepdaughters and a son from a previous marriage.
Harriett Baldwin : At the 2005 general election, Baldwin contested the Stockton North constituency.
Harriett Baldwin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Harriett Baldwin : Baldwin studied French and Russian at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford.
Harriett Baldwin : Baldwin joined the investment bank JPMorgan Chase in 1986, becoming managing director and head of currency management at their London office in 1998.
Masako Sugaya : She died on February 25, 2021.
Eleílson Farias de Moura : Eleílson Farias de Moura (born 2 April 1985 in Nova Era, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for China Super League club Jiangsu Sainty.
Halimah Yacob : Halimah was born at her family home on Queen's Street in Singapore, She was educated at Singapore Chinese Girls' School and Tanjong Katong Girls' School before she went on to the University of Singapore, where she obtained a Bachelor of Laws in 1978.
Bae Yeon-ju : Bae Yeon-ju (Hangul: 배연주, Hanja: 裵延姝; ] ; born 26 October 1990) is a retired international badminton player from South Korea.
Moon Chae-won : Moon Chae-won (Korean:  ; born November 13, 1986) is a South Korean actress.
Moon Chae-won : Moon then took on the leading female role in MBC's thriller "Goodbye Mr. Black" in 2016, her first television series in three years.
Carla Hayden : In 2020, she was elected to the American Philosophical Society.
Carla Hayden : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Carla Hayden : Hayden received her master's degree in Library Science in 1977, and a doctorate degree in Library Science in 1987, both from the University of Chicago Graduate Library School.
Yefrem Sokolov : Yefrem Yevseyevich Sokolov ( ; , born 25 April 1926) is a former first secretary of the Communist Party of Byelorussian SSR from February 1988 to November 1990.
Andrea Riley : Andrea Riley (born July 22, 1988) is an American professional basketball player, most recently with the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Claire Perry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Claire Perry : In October 2011, Perry was appointed as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Philip Hammond, the Secretary of State for Defence.
Claire Perry : She was educated at Nailsea School and Brasenose College, Oxford, where she read geography, graduating in 1985.
Kim Hyo-yeon : and Hyundai.
Lam Lay Yong : She is the granddaughter of Tan Kah Kee and niece of Lee Kong Chian.
Lam Lay Yong : She graduated from the University of Malaya (later becoming University of Singapore) in 1957 and pursued graduate study in Cambridge University, obtaining her Ph.D. degree from University of Singapore in 1966, and becoming a lecturer at the University of Singapore.
Adèle Haenel : She is a prominent face of France's #MeToo movement, and was the first prominent actress to speak publicly about abuse within the French film industry.
Adèle Haenel : In 2014, Haenel received her first César Award for her supporting role in "Suzanne", and in 2015 won the César Award for Best Actress for "Love at First Fight".
Vika Jigulina : Vika Jigulina (born Victoria Corneva; February 18, 1986) is a Moldovan-born Romanian music producer, singer, and DJ.
Xiaowei Zhuang : She was named a Howard Hughes Medical Investigator in 2005.
Xiaowei Zhuang : Professor of Science, Professor of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, and Professor of Physics at Harvard University, and an Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Constance Jablonski : Constance Jablonski (born 17 April 1991) is a French model.
Constance Jablonski : She was ranked 11th on the "Top 50 Models Women" List by "models.com".
Constance Jablonski : She has appeared in advertising campaigns for brands such as Alberta Ferretti, Cesare Paciotti, D&G, Donna Karan, Calvin Klein, Hermes, Nine West, Majestic Filatures, Max Mara, Barneys, Topshop, Tse, H&M, Bally, GAP, Moschino, United Colors of Benetton, Estee Lauder, and Y-3.
Veronika Vitenberg : She started rhythmic gymnastics at age 6 in Belarus, after her school teacher encouraged her to enroll because of her high inborn flexibility.
Mayo Okamoto : It was alleged that the promotional song for Expo 2010 Shanghai China, "Right Here Waiting for You 2010", was plagiarized from Okamoto's 1997 song "Sonomama no Kimi de Ite".
Frances Wood : She has argued in her 1995 book, "Did Marco Polo go to China?
Frances Wood : Wood joined the staff of the British Library in London in 1977 as a junior curator, and later served as curator of Chinese collections until her retirement in 2013.
Frances Wood : Frances Wood (Chinese name Wú Fāngsī 吴芳思; born 1948) is an English librarian, sinologue and historian known for her writings on Chinese history, including Marco Polo, life in the Chinese treaty ports, and the First Emperor of China.
Tomomi Nishimoto : Nishimoto was the Principal Guest Conductor of the State Symphony Orchestra of Russia from 2010 to 2011.
Tomomi Nishimoto : Since then she has conducted many famous Japanese orchestras and has received various awards, such as: the (1999), St. Stanislav Medal (1999) and (2000).
Tomomi Nishimoto : Her experience learning to play the piano from her mother at the age of three as well as her mother's musical influence are what fuelled her interest to become a conductor in the future.
Tomomi Nishimoto : Subsequently, she has conducted many European orchestras such as Monte Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra, Romanian State Philharmonic Orchestra (George Enescu), Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra and Latvian National Symphony Orchestra.
Chen Xiaonan : Chen Xiaonan () (born November 13, 1973) is a Chinese talk show host.
Chen Xiaonan : Chen Xiaonan began working at Beijing Television and CCTV at 1994, and joined Phoenix Television at 2000.
Cecilia Cheung : Cheung gave birth to her third son in November 2018, announced in a Weibo post from her studio, which does not provide details on who the father of the child was.
Cecilia Cheung : Cheung married fellow Hong Kong entertainer Nicholas Tse in a secret wedding ceremony in the Philippines in September 2006.
Cecilia Cheung : Cheung was born in Man Wah Sun Chuen, Jordan, Hong Kong to Davies Shally, who is of half Chinese and half British descent, and Cheung Yan-yung.
Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey : Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey (born 26 May 1986) is a French-Spanish actress and model.
Rita Ora : Rita Sahatçiu Ora (born Rita Sahatçiu; 26 November 1990) is a British singer, songwriter and actress.
Ophelia Lovibond : Ophelia Lovibond grew up in Shepherd's Bush, London, in a single-parent family.
Ophelia Lovibond : She played a leading role in the film "4.3.2.1", and had roles in the 2011 films "London Boulevard", "No Strings Attached" and "Mr. Popper's Penguins".
Kim Sol-song : According to a Korean intelligence official, Seol-song was a student in Paris, in the autumn of 2005.
Kim Sol-song : Seol-song was described by a North Korean defector as "intelligent" and "beautiful"; Seol-song had hair down to her waist and is 1.65 metres (5 ft 5 in) tall (considered tall for a woman).
Kim Sol-song : Kim Sol-song (Korean:  ; born 30 December 1974) is the daughter of North Korea's former leader Kim Jong-il and Kim Young-sook.
Kim Sol-song : She attended the same school as her father, graduated from Kim Il-sung University's Economics Department and was assigned to the propaganda department of the Workers' Party Central Committee.
Emine Erdoğan : "The Voluntary Envoys in Social Development Project" ( ), implemented by the Ministry of Family and Social Policies and supported by Emine Erdoğan, is a social responsibility project focused on raising awareness about and promoting "volunteering", and tending to the human resource needs that will contribute to social development.
Emine Erdoğan : Emine Erdoğan (] ) (né Gülbaran; ] ; born 21 February 1955) is the current first lady of Turkey, and the wife of Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Jazmin Carlin : Jazmin Roxy "Jazz" Carlin (born 17 September 1990) is a British competitive swimmer, who represents Wales and the Great Britain swimming team.
Chen Shu-chu : In 2018, 278986 Chenshuchu was named for her.
Chen Shu-chu : After her father died in 1993, Shu-chu donated NTD$1 million to Fo Guang Buddhist Academy.
Chen Shu-chu : Her youngest brother got a serious flu in 1969 and unfortunately died in the same year even though he had donation from Jen-Ai elementary school for medical treatment.
Chen Shu-chu : In 1997, she donated NTD$1 million to her mother school, Jen-Ai elementary school, to help poor children afford their education.
Chen Shu-chu : In the ceremony, she announced the news that she donated her two life insurance policies to East-based Medical Foundation Taitung Christian Hospital and Mackay Memorial Hospital Taitung Branch to set up "Ms. Chen Shu-chu Medical Fund for Poor and Cancer Patients" and "Ms. Chen Shu-chu Medical Fund for Charities," respectively.
Macy Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Macy Chan : Macy Chan (Chinese:陳美詩, born 22 February 1981) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Julia Cho : s of 2010 , Cho and her husband live in West Los Angeles.
Caíco : Aírton Graciliano dos Santos (born 15 May 1974 in Porto Alegre), commonly known as Caíco, is a former Brazilian football player.
Kim Hwang-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mandy Wong : As a former graduate of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, Mandy Wong worked as a flight attendant for three years before participating in the Miss Hong Kong 2007 beauty pageant, in which she was placed among the top 5 finalists.
Reema bint Bandar Al Saud : She took office as ambassador on 23 February 2019 -- becoming the first female envoy in the country's history.
Reema bint Bandar Al Saud : Reema bint Bandar bin Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ; born 1975 in Riyadh) is a member of House of Saud and the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States.
Caroline Nokes : Nokes divorced in 2012; she and her former husband have a daughter.
Caroline Nokes : Nokes stood unsuccessfully as the Conservative parliamentary candidate for the Southampton Itchen constituency at the 2001 general election; and Romsey constituency at the 2005 general election.
Caroline Nokes : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Caroline Nokes : Prior to her election she was chief executive of the National Pony Society, an animal welfare charity promoting and supporting the traditional native breeds of ponies through education, training and competition.
Caroline Nokes : The daughter of Roy Perry, a former Conservative Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Wight and Hampshire South constituency, she was educated at The Romsey School, La Sagesse Convent in Romsey and then Peter Symonds' College, Winchester, before reading politics at the University of Sussex from 1991 to 1994.
Liz Truss : In 2000, Truss married accountant Hugh O'Leary.
Liz Truss : In March 2015 she was one of only two Cabinet Ministers to vote against the government's proposals to introduce plain packaging for cigarettes, in what was technically a free vote.
Liz Truss : From March 2011, she was a Member of the Justice Select Committee, remaining on the committee until her appointment as a government minister.
Liz Truss : After graduating in 1996, Truss worked for Shell as a commercial manager and Cable & Wireless as economics director, and became a qualified management accountant.
Liz Truss : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liz Truss : Following a significant rise in prison violence incidents in 2015 and 2016, Truss announced in November 2016 a £1.3 billion investment programme in the prison service and the recruitment of 2,500 additional prison officers, partly reversing the cuts made under the previous coalition government.
Liz Truss : On 4 September 2012, Truss was appointed as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Education, with responsibility for childcare and early learning, assessment, qualifications and curriculum reform, behaviour and attendance, and school food review.
Liz Truss : After losing her first two elections, Truss became the full-time deputy director of Reform in January 2008, where she advocated more rigorous academic standards in schools, a greater focus on tackling serious and organised crime, and urgent action to deal with Britain's falling competitiveness.
Liz Truss : Truss wrote a further paper for the same think-tank in May 2012, in which she argued for change in the structure of the childcare market in Britain.
Liz Truss : Truss supported Boris Johnson’s leadership bid in 2019; after Johnson was appointed Prime Minister, he appointed Truss as President of the Board of Trade and International Trade Secretary, succeeding Liam Fox.
Liz Truss : She has argued that comprehensive school pupils are being "mis-sold" easy, low-value subjects to boost school results: comprehensive school pupils are six times as likely to take media studies at A-level as privately educated pupils.
Liz Truss : She was raised in a left-wing household: her father was a professor of pure mathematics at the University of Leeds, while her mother was a nurse, teacher, and member of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
Liz Truss : She sought to improve British standards in maths for fear that children are falling behind those in Asian countries, and led a fact-finding visit to schools and teacher-training centres in Shanghai in February 2014 to see how children there have become the best in the world at maths.
Liz Truss : She described farming and food as "hotbeds of innovation" and promoted the production and export of British food, including cheese, pork pies and apples.
Liz Truss : In July 2015, she approved the limited temporary lifting of an EU ban on the use of two neonicotinoid pesticides, enabling their use for 120 days on about 5% of England's oil seed rape crop to ward off the cabbage stem flea beetle; campaigners have warned that pesticides have been shown to harm bees by damaging their renowned ability to navigate home.
Liz Truss : In September 2011, together with four other members of the Free Enterprise Group, she had co-authored "After the Coalition", a book which sought to challenge the consensus that Britain's economic decline is inevitable by arguing for the return of a more entrepreneurial and meritocratic culture.
Liz Truss : Following her election to the House of Commons on 6 May 2010, Truss campaigned for issues including the retention of the RAF Tornado base at RAF Marham in her constituency; over seven months she asked 13 questions in the Commons about RAF Marham, secured a special debate on the subject, wrote dozens of letters to ministers and collected signatures on a petition which was delivered to Downing Street.
Stella Creasy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stella Creasy : Creasy was deputy director of the Involve think tank and worked as a researcher and speech writer for various Labour government ministers, including Douglas Alexander, Charles Clarke and Ross Cranston.
Stella Creasy : She then became head of public affairs at the Scout Association.
Stella Creasy : Elected as a councillor in Waltham Forest in 2002, Creasy served as the borough's deputy mayor and later mayor from 2002 until 2003 and for four months in 2010 prior to her election to the House of Commons.
Stella Creasy : In 2006, having already started work as a parliamentary researcher, she completed her thesis entitled "Understanding the lifeworld of social exclusion", receiving a doctorate in Social Psychology from the London School of Economics.
Stella Creasy : Stella Judith Creasy (born 5 April 1977) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for the London constituency of Walthamstow since 2010.
Nicky Morgan : Nicola Ann Morgan, Baroness Morgan of Cotes, PC ("née" Griffith; born 10 October 1972) is a British politician who served as Secretary of State for Education from 2014 to 2016 and Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport from 2019 to 2020.
Nicky Morgan : Morgan accepted the appointment by Boris Johnson of Culture Secretary in July 2019, even though she had stated in 2018 she would not serve in a Johnson government.
Nicky Morgan : Morgan first served in the Cabinet as Education Secretary and Minister for Women and Equalities from 2014 until new Prime Minister Theresa May removed her from these positions in 2016.
Nicky Morgan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sarah Newton : Born in Gloucestershire, Newton moved to Cornwall at an early age, and attended Marlborough Infants, Clare Terrace Primary School and Falmouth School, where she was elected Head Girl.
Sarah Newton : Sarah Louise Newton, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Hick; 19 July 1961) is a British Conservative Party politician.
Sarah Newton : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kanae Itō : She was a member of the groups and , before they were disbanded between December 16, 2005 and January 28, 2007.
Kanae Itō : After graduating from high school, Ito attended the Amusement Media Academy in 2007.
Kanae Itō : ", "To Love-Ru", "The World God Only Knows", "Hanasaku Iroha" and "A Certain Scientific Railgun" (they also hosted the "A Certain Scientific Railgun" web radio show, "Radio no Railgun").
Tracey Crouch : Born in Ashford, Kent, Crouch was educated at Folkestone School for Girls and graduated from the University of Hull with a law and politics degree in 1996.
Tracey Crouch : Crouch is a qualified FA football coach and manages a youth girls' football team.
Tracey Crouch : Tracey Elizabeth Anne Crouch (born 24 July 1975) is a British Conservative Party politician.
Tracey Crouch : She gave birth to her first child in February 2016 with her partner Steve Ladner, and became the first Conservative minister ever to take maternity leave.
Tracey Crouch : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hannelore Kraft : From 1989 until 2001, Kraft was a consultant and project manager at ZENIT GmbH ('Centre for Innovation and Technology') in Mülheim an der Ruhr, and was head of the local European Info Centre.
Hannelore Kraft : The couple celebrated their church wedding in Namibia in October 2012.
Tokiko Kato : While being held hostage by hijackers on All Nippon Airways Flight 857, Kato used her cell phone to keep in contact with police during the hijacking.
Tokiko Kato : She was born in Harbin, Manchukuo, to Japanese parents and graduated from the University of Tokyo.
Yuko Yamaguchi : Aside from Hello Kitty, Yamaguchi has been designing Jewelpet since 2008.
Caroline Dinenage : Dinenage was born on 28 October 1971, the daughter of television presenter Fred Dinenage and Beverley Summers.
Caroline Dinenage : She attended Wykeham House private school for girls, Oaklands RC Comprehensive School, Waterlooville, and then studied Politics and English at Swansea University.
Caroline Dinenage : A former Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the Minister for Women and Equalities, Nicky Morgan, Dinenage has served in Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State roles at the Ministry of Justice, Department for Education and Department for Work and Pensions.
Caroline Dinenage : In 2010, Dinenage announced that she would sell her quarter share in the business, but instead reduced her shareholding to 15%.
Caroline Dinenage : Caroline Julia Dinenage, Lady Lancaster of Kimbolton (born 28 October 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician who was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Gosport at the 2010 general election.
Caroline Dinenage : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Caroline Dinenage : Dinenage has two children with her first husband Carlos Garreta, a Royal Navy officer whom she married in Portsmouth in 2002.
Caroline Dinenage : She stood as the Conservative Party candidate for Portsmouth South in the 2005 general election, finishing second with 33.9% of the vote.
Liz Kendall : On 10 May 2015, Kendall announced that she was standing as a successor to Ed Miliband for the Labour Party's leadership following its defeat in the general election a few days earlier.
Liz Kendall : Elizabeth Louise Kendall (born 11 June 1971) is a British Labour Party politician who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicester West since 2010.
Liz Kendall : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Karen Bradley : They have two sons.
Karen Bradley : They have two sons.
Karen Bradley : In July 2016, Bradley was appointed to the position of Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport by Prime Minister Theresa May.
Karen Bradley : Karen Anne Bradley ("née" Howarth, born 12 March 1970) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2018 to 2019, and has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Staffordshire Moorlands since 2010.
Karen Bradley : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Andrea Leadsom : ".
Andrea Leadsom : ".
Andrea Leadsom : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Andrea Leadsom : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Andrea Leadsom : Andrea Jacqueline Leadsom ( ; ' Salmon; born 13 May 1963) is a Conservative politician who served as Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy from 2019 to 2020, and has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for South Northamptonshire since 2010.
Julia Dietze : Julia Dietze (born 9 January 1981) is a German actress.
Julia Dietze : In February 2009, it was announced that Dietze would play the lead role in the science fiction comedy "Iron Sky" by the Finnish independent director Timo Vuorensola.
Léa Seydoux : Her grandfather, Jérôme Seydoux, is the chairman of Pathé; her granduncle, Nicolas Seydoux, is the chairman of Gaumont Film Company; her other granduncle, Michel Seydoux, also a cinema producer, is the chairman of the Lille-based football club Lille OSC; and her father is the founder and CEO of the French wireless company Parrot.
Suki Kim : Kim was born in Seoul, South Korea and immigrated to the United States with her family at thirteen.
Ertuğrul Arslan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ertuğrul Arslan : Ertuğrul Arslan (born 26 January 1980) is a Turkish retired professional footballer who currently serves as the manager of Kemerspor 2003.
Utami Kinard : She is also the sister of 8 time All-England Singles Champion, Rudy Hartono.
Utami Kinard : As Mrs. Utami Kinard she ended her career as the #1 U.S. Women's Singles player in 1981 representing the U.S. as the #1 player on the 1981 U.S. Uber Cup team.
Utami Kinard : Along with her Indonesian and U.S. titles, Utami Dewi won the Asian Badminton Singles Championship in 1971, the Australian Open Singles Championship in 1975, the Mexican Open Mixed Doubles Championship in 1979, and the South African Singles Championship in 1980.
Tanit Phoenix : In May 2014 Tanit Phoenix appeared on the cover for "Maxim" South Africa.
Tanit Phoenix : In 2010, she starred in the horror film "" and in the comedy "Spud" opposite John Cleese.
Tanit Phoenix : She enrolled in ballet from the age of 5 and danced for 15 years.
Tanit Phoenix : Phoenix starred in "Death Race 2" and "" alongside Luke Goss and Danny Trejo and reprised her role as Eve Wilson in "".
Tanit Phoenix : In 2013, Phoenix took her first job as the key makeup artist and designer of the character Jimmy on the P.O.V.
Tanit Phoenix : She has appeared on the cover of South African "Cosmopolitan" four times, South African and American "FHM" numerous times, "Legacy", "Indwe", South African "Marie Claire", German and South African "Shape" and South African "GQ" magazines, and has frequently been shot for "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue".
Tanit Phoenix : She has appeared in international TV commercials for Adidas, Coca-Cola, Volvic water, Aqua-mineral, Visine, Schweppes, American Swiss Jewellery, Citroen C3, Nivea, Alberto VO5, Aria, Transition Lenses, Volvic, Distractions lingerie campaign and television commercials and campaign which she held for 5 years.
Tanit Phoenix : In 2011, Phoenix appeared in the TV series "Femme Fatales", for Cinemax/HBO, where she is the narrator of the show and appears for a snippet of every episode; the series was renewed for a second season that aired in 2012.
He Zi : Among her achievements are:
He Zi : He Zi (; born 11 December 1990 in Nanning, Guangxi) is an Olympic medal winning Chinese female diver, specialising in the 1 meter springboard, 3 meter springboard and 3 meter synchronised dive.
He Zi : Right after she won silver in the 3m springboard dive on 14 August 2016, He Zi accepted a marriage proposal by boyfriend and fellow diver Qin Kai, whom she has dated for 6 years.
Zhang Xiaoyu : Zhang Xiaoyu (; born June 6, 1985) is a Chinese internet celebrity who has been described as "China's first nude model."
Zhang Xiaoyu : She did softcore erotic modeling for METCN.com, an affiliate of MET ART, from 2007 to 2009, and until the Chinese government initiated a crackdown on online erotica at the beginning of 2009, her name was amongst the most searched for queries on the Chinese search engine Baidu, receiving an average of 650,000 searches a day throughout 2008.
Melissa Satta : Melissa Satta (born 7 February 1986) is an Italian television presenter.
Jess Sum : Jess Sum Cheuk-ying (traditional Chinese: 沈卓盈) (born 5 April 1984) is an actress in Hong Kong under TVB.
Jess Sum : On Jan 1 2021, Jess announced she was pregnant with her first child with her boy-friend Calvin.
Janet Hsieh : Janet Hsieh (; January 20, 1980) is a Taiwanese-American television personality, violinist, author, and model based in Taipei, Taiwan.
Axelle Carolyn : She was married to British filmmaker Neil Marshall from 2007 to 2016.
Axelle Carolyn : Axelle Carolyn (born 3 April 1979 in Brussels) is a Belgian filmmaker and former actress and journalist.
Beatriz Recari : Position in Women's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year.
Beatriz Recari : LPGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Beatriz Recari : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
Beatriz Recari : Recari began dating Andreas Thorp, her caddie, in 2008.
Beatriz Recari : Beatriz Recari Eransus (born 21 April 1987) is a Spanish professional golfer on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and the Ladies European Tour.
Beatriz Recari : At the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament at Daytona Beach, Florida in December 2009, Recari finished tenth to earn her LPGA Tour card for the 2010 season.
Beatriz Recari : She balanced professional golf with school in the spring of 2006, but after the completion of her first academic year, she concentrated on her golf career.
Beatriz Recari : Born and raised in Pamplona in northern Spain, Recari began playing golf at age 11 and enjoyed a successful amateur career, with wins at the 2004 Spanish Amateur Championship and the 2005 French Amateur Championship.
Jac Schaeffer : Schaeffer graduated from Princeton University with an A.B.
Park Gyu-ri : She became a child actress with her first television appearance in the 1995 series "Today is a Nice Day", in which she played the girlfriend of Kang Ho-dong's brother.
Eva Marks : On October 28, 2010 Eva Marks was awarded the Austrian Holocaust Memorial Award.
Eva Marks : Furthermore, she was a founding member of the Melbourne branch of the World Federation of the Child Survivors of the Holocaust.
Eva Marks : Eva describes the story of her life in her book "A Patchwork Life".
Eva Marks : After the German invasion of Russia in 1941 she and her family were transported by the Russians to a Gulag in deep Siberia, followed by another one to Kazakhstan in 1943.
Chelsea Manning : On January 17, 2017, President Barack Obama commuted Manning's sentence to nearly seven years of confinement dating from her arrest on May 27, 2010.
Margot Williams : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuri Alvear : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuri Alvear : Yuri Alvear Orejuela (born 29 March 1986) is a Colombian female judoka, three times World Champion in her division.
Kim Bo-yeon : The couple began a makgeolli business named "Family's Honor" in 2008, but after it failed, the resulting financial strain caused the couple to divorce in 2012.
Kim Bo-yeon : Kim Bo-yeon graduated from Anyang High School of Arts, and on the principal's recommendation, she was cast in her acting debut, the film "A Season of Blooming Love" in 1974, followed by the television drama 제3교실 in 1975.
Shay Mitchell : Mitchell was born in Mississauga, Ontario, the daughter of Precious Garcia and Mark Mitchell.
Shay Mitchell : Shannon Ashley Garcia Mitchell (born April 10, 1987) is a Canadian actress, model, entrepreneur and author.
Toorpekai : Toorpekai was elected to represent Zabul Province in Afghanistan's Wolesi Jirga, the lower house of its National Legislature, in 2005.
Toorpekai : A report on Kandahar prepared at the Navy Postgraduate School described her working with the UNAMA on health care.
Toorpekai : It stated she was a member of the Pashtun ethnic group, from the Suliemankhel tribe.
Larisa Iordache : Larisa Andreea Iordache (] ; born 19 June 1996 in Bucharest) is a Romanian artistic gymnast.
Sara Carbonero : Sara Carbonero Arévalo (born 3 February 1984) is a Spanish sports journalist.
Sara Carbonero : During the 2010 FIFA World Cup it was alleged that Carbonero, reporting during the match between Spain and Switzerland, had distracted Casillas, causing the unexpected Swiss victory.
Chen Danyan : Chen Danyan (; born 18 December 1958) is a writer based in Shanghai, China.
Chen Danyan : She is best known for her trilogy of biographical narratives: "Shanghai Memorabilia", "Shanghai Princess", and "Shanghai Beauty".
Anouchka van Miltenburg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anouchka van Miltenburg : After that she began a study in journalism at the journalism school in Tilburg and graduated in 1991.
Kathleen Booth : In 1958, Booth wrote one of the first books describing how to program APE(X)C computers.
Kathleen Booth : Booth regularly published papers concerning her work on the ARC and APE(X)C systems and co-wrote "Automatic Digital Calculators" (1953) which illustrated the 'Planning and Coding' programming style.
Kathleen Booth : Kathleen Booth (born 1922) wrote the first assembly language and designed the assembler and autocode for the first computer systems at Birkbeck College, University of London.
Kathleen Booth : From 1946 to 1962, Booth was a Research Scientist at British Rubber Producer's Research Association and for ten years from 1952 to 1962 she was Research Fellow and Lecturer at Birkbeck College, University of London and later became a Research Fellow, Lecturer and Associate Professor at the University of Saskatchewan, Canada from 1962 to 1972.
Amy Berman Jackson : from Harvard College in 1976 and her Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1979.
Amy Berman Jackson : Amy Berman was born on July 22, 1954, in Baltimore, Maryland, She is the daughter of Mildred (Sauber) and Barnett Berman, a physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Amy Berman Jackson : Amy Berman Jackson (born July 22, 1954) is an American attorney and jurist serving as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Amy Berman Jackson : On June 17, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Jackson to fill a vacant seat on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia that was created in 2007 when Judge Gladys Kessler took senior status.
Serena Fang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Larissa Riquelme : After becoming one of the most searched people on the Internet, she was named "World Cup's Girlfriend" by "Marca", the largest Spanish sports newspaper.
Larissa Riquelme : Larissa Mabel Riquelme Frutos (born 22 February 1985) is a Paraguayan model and actress from Asunción.
Larissa Riquelme : Following her rise to fame, and after Argentinian coach Diego Maradona promised to run naked through Buenos Aires if Argentina won the 2010 World Cup, Riquelme matched the offer and promised that she would run naked (wearing only body paint in the colors of Paraguay) through Asunción if Paraguay won the World Cup, or even if they reached the semi-finals by beating Spain.
Italia Ricci : Ricci made her major acting debut in 2007, in the "American Pie" direct-to-video film, "".
Italia Ricci : Stephanie Italia Ricci (] ; born October 29, 1986) is a Canadian actress known for playing White House Chief of Staff and Special Advisor Emily Rhodes in "Designated Survivor".
Italia Ricci : Since September 2016, Ricci has starred as Emily Rhodes in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor".
Rena Matsui : On June 11, 2015, she announced that she would graduate from SKE48 at the end of August.
G.NA : On February 1, 2016, G.NA was involved in a prostitution scandal which revealed that she also accused the unidentified businessman, offered sex, and investigated the police which allegedly paid around 35,000,000 Won ($30,000 USD).
Andrea Chen : She graduated from National Taiwan University.
Andrea Chen : She made her acting debut in 2011 starring as the second lead actress in the popular television series "In Time with You", playing the role of Maggie.
Andrea Chen : Chen has been dubbed "Little Vivian Chow" by the Taiwanese media due to her resemblance to the Hong Kong actress and singer.
Narsha : Her stage name, Narsha, is derived from the term "na-reu-sha", which means 'to fly up' in Middle Korean and was given to her by a former manager.
Meral Akşener : She studied history at Istanbul University and she completed her post-graduate studies at the Social Sciences Institute of Marmara University, earning a Ph.D. in history.
Katy B : Katy B has received five nominations at the MOBO Awards.
Katy B : Kathleen Anne Brien (born 8 May 1989), better known as Katy B, is an English singer and songwriter.
Kavita Oberoi : In August 2008 when she appeared on Channel 4's hit show "The Secret Millionaire".
Kavita Oberoi : Oberoi is also known for her appearances on the Channel 4 TV series "The Secret Millionaire" and the BBC's "".
Kavita Oberoi : She left university with a First Class BSc (Hons) Degree in Applied Chemistry from the University of Huddersfield, and embarked on a career as a medical representative with Bayer Pharmaceuticals.
Kavita Oberoi : She grew up above her father's plumbing and bathroom shop in Bradford.
Kavita Oberoi : Her other business interests include commercial property, and the provision of conference facilities and serviced offices, and in January 2010 Oberoi acquired a stake in the global, award-winning security company – Octavian, from which she exited in January 2013.
Gordon Connelly : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xue Hanqin : degree in 1995.
Xue Hanqin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xue Hanqin : Xue Hanqin (薛捍勤, born 15 September 1955, Shanghai, People's Republic of China) is a Chinese jurist at the International Court of Justice.
Xue Hanqin : She was elected to the ICJ in June 2010.
Aly Raisman : In November 2017, Raisman came forward as one of the many victims sexually abused by the former Olympic team physician, Larry Nassar, starting from the age of 15.
Tu Ai-yu : Tu Ai-yu (, born 29 September 1954) is a Taiwanese professional golfer who played on the LPGA of Japan Tour (JLPGA) and the LPGA Tour.
Tu Ai-yu : Tu won the LPGA Tour's qualifying school tournament in January 1976 and played on the LPGA Tour from 1976 to 1981.
Terri Kwan : The film also starred Takeshi Kaneshiro and Gigi Leung.
Hahm Eun-jung : Hahm featured in Davichi's music video "Time, Please Stop" ("시간아 멈춰라") which was released on May 6, 2010.
Hahm Eun-jung : Her first major acting role since joining T-ara was in SBS drama "Coffee House", which aired on from May 17, 2010, to July 17, 2010.
Hahm Eun-jung : Later that year, she would also be seen in FT Island's music videos "Thunder" ("천둥"), "Only One Person" ("한사람만"), and "A Man's First Love Follow Him To The Grave" ("남자의 첫사랑은 무덤까지 간다").
Hahm Eun-jung : In 1995, she won "Little Miss Korea" competition at the age of seven and debuted as a child actress in the same year with the television drama "A New Generation of Adults" (1995).
Hahm Eun-jung : In February 2018, Hahm signed an exclusive management contract with UFO Production, making her the company's first-ever artist.
Katharina Molitor : She finished eighth in 2008, and improved to sixth in 2012.
Katharina Molitor : Katharina Molitor (born 8 November 1983) is a German sportswoman who competes as a javelin thrower and volleyball player.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : In July 2016, Marozsán signed with Olympique Lyonnais from 1.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : Dzsenifer Marozsán (] ; born 18 April 1992) is a footballer who plays professionally for Olympique Lyonnais in France and the German national team.
Naoyuki Fujita : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vera Kobalia : Vera Kobalia (Georgian: ) (born 24 August 1981) is a Georgian politician who has served in the Cabinet of Georgia as the country's Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development from 2 July 2010 to 25 October 2012.
JuJu Chan : She was also a semi-finalist in Miss Hong Kong 2010 but withdrew from the contest for personal reasons.
May Lo : May Lo Mei Wei (born 1 September 1966) is a Hong Kong former actress.
May Lo : In 1986, Lo met Jacky Cheung, actor and singer, during the filming of "Devoted to You", a movie that they both starred in.
Jurina Matsui : On February 7, 2020, Matsui announced her graduation from SKE48.
Maria Febe Kusumastuti : Maria Febe Kusumastuti (born 30 September 1989) is an Indonesian badminton player from Boyolali, Central Java.
Maria Febe Kusumastuti : She played in 2010 All England Open Superseries and beat Wang Shixian of China, 21–13, 15–21, 21–16, in the first round.
Meiliana Jauhari : Meiliana Jauhari (born 7 May 1984) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
Meiliana Jauhari : At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Jauhari and her partner Polii, along with Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na, Ha Jung-eun and Kim Min-jung of South Korea, and Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang of China were disqualified from the competition for "not using one's best efforts to win a match" and "conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport" following matches the previous evening during which they were accused of trying to lose in order to manipulate the draw.
Hao Shuai : Hao Shuai (born October 1, 1983 in Tianjin) is a Chinese table tennis player.
Jiang Huajun : Jiang Huajun (; born 8 October 1984) is a table tennis player from Hong Kong, China.
Fan Ying : Fan Ying (; born February 12, 1986) is a Chinese table tennis player.
Alicia Liu : Alicia Liu () was born in Taoyuan County (now Taoyuan City), Taiwan on 12 June 1986.
Viviana Sofronitsky : In 1999 she received historical performance degrees in harpsichord, fortepiano and early music teaching from the Royal Conservatory in The Hague.
Viviana Sofronitsky : Since 2001 she has lived in the Czech Republic, married to fortepiano builder Paul McNulty, performing and recording on his highly prized instruments an expanded repertoire from C.P.E.
Viviana Sofronitsky : Sofronitsky is a permanent member of international music festivals: «Utrecht Oude Muziek Festival» and "Muziek Netwerk" (Netherlands), «Leipzig Bach Festival»(Germany), «Klang& Raum Music Festival» Irsee (Germany), «Festival van Vlaanderen» (Belgium), Musica Antiqua Bruges (Belgium), «Berliner Tage für Alte Music» (Germany), Bratislava Hammerklavier Festival (Slovakia), «Chopin Festival» (Poland), Tage Alter Musik Osnabruck (Germany), «Midis-Minimes» (Belgium), «Oslo Chamber Music Festival» (Norway), «Vendsyssel Festival» (Denmark), «Piano Folia Festival», Le Touquet (France), Printemps des Arts, Nantes (France).
Maria Lourdes Sereno : Sereno served as a co-counsel with Justice Florentino Feliciano on the Fraport case in Singapore, in which the Republic of the Philippines won the case.
Maria Lourdes Sereno : Many supporters as well as legal experts regard the removal of Sereno, who opposed President Duterte's declaration of martial law in Mindanao and other executive actions, as politically motivated and unconstitutional.
Maria Lourdes Sereno : She was also the president of Accesslaw Inc., had taught at University of the Philippines College of Law for 19 years, and served as a consultant for the United Nations, World Bank, and US Agency for International Development.
Maria Lourdes Sereno : Thereafter, she earned a Master of Laws from the University of Michigan Law School in 1993.
Kingdom Yuen : Kingdom Yuen King-dan (苑瓊丹; born 11 September 1963) is a Hong Kong actress with a long history working with TVB;
Padmini Rout : Padmini Rout (born January 5, 1994) is an Indian chess player.
Nadezhda Bazhina : Nadezhda Valeryevna Bazhina ( ; born 29 December 1987) is a Russian diver.
Wanfang : Beside being an established singer, she is also very successful in Musical Drama and in recent years, place more emphasis on it as compared to singing.
Wanfang : During the fall of 2010, Wanfang began her 'Those Night That You Are Not Aware' (你所不知道的那些夜晚) Asian Tour, her first ever solo performing concert since her debut 20 years ago.
Leymah Gbowee : In addition to helping bring an end to 14 years of warfare in Liberia, this women's movement led to the 2005 election of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as president of Liberia, the first elected woman leader of a country in Africa.
Leymah Gbowee : The protesting women extracted a promise from President Charles Taylor to attend peace talks in Ghana to negotiate with the rebels from Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy and another newer rebel group, MODEL.
Liu Shishi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liu Shishi : Liu registered her marriage with "Scarlet Heart" co-star Nicky Wu on January 20, 2015 and the wedding ceremony was held in Bali, Indonesia on March 20, 2016.
Liu Shishi : On April 28, 2019, Liu gave birth to their son.
Tamara Csipes : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tamara Csipes : At the 2010 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań, she won two gold medals earning them in the K-2 1000 m and K-4 500 m events.
Saori Hara : She was the winner of Adult Broadcasting Award for Best Actress in March 2010 for her 2009 appearances on adult channel Midnight Blue.
Hou Yuzhuo : Hou Yuzhuo (; born 14 November 1987 in Zhangjiakou, Hebei) is a female Chinese Taekwondo practitioner.
Mimi Lo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mimi Lo : Lo married actor Power Chan in December 2009 after dating for seven years.
Leïla Ben Ali : Leïla Ben Ali ( , née Trabelsi; born 24 October 1956) is the widow of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was President of Tunisia from 1987 to 2011.
Skyler Samuels : Taking off a quarter to film "Scream Queens", she returned to school in January 2016 and graduated in June 2016.
Skyler Samuels : Skyler Rose Samuels (born April 14, 1994) is an American actress and model, known for her roles in the television series "Wizards of Waverly Place", "The Gates", "The Nine Lives of Chloe King", "Scream Queens" and "The Gifted".
Kang Ji-young : On March 18, 2016, she released her debut solo EP as JY, "Radio", consisting of three tracks.
Kang Ji-young : She attended Bongilcheon Middle School and Muhak Women's High School, graduating from the latter in February 2012.
Jéssica Pauletto : Jéssica has appeared in many editorials of magazines, including:
Jéssica Pauletto : She has modeled for the catalogue of the Brazilian fashion house "Maria Bonita", and has posed for the following Brazilian photographers:
Jéssica Pauletto : She has been the face of a variety of advertising campaigns of Brazilian fashion houses, including:
Jéssica Pauletto : Jéssica Pauletto (born 19 April 1990) is a Brazilian fashion model.
Jéssica Pauletto : Jéssica Pauletto was born in the town of Bento Gonçalves, State of Rio Grande do Sul, 125 km away from the State's capital Porto Alegre.
Jéssica Pauletto : But she reappeared more beautiful than ever at the 2008 Winter SPFW, where she made the catwalk for a dozen of fashion companies including "Iodice", "Triton", "Giselle Nasser" and "Amapô".
Jéssica Pauletto : Like Alessandra Ambrósio, Gisele Bündchen, Caroline Trentini and many other Brazilian models from Rio Grande do Sul, Jéssica Pauletto made her début with the modeling school of Dilson Stein.
Mayu Watanabe : She performed at the AKB48 theatre for the last time on December 26, 2017.
Mayu Watanabe : On August 24, during the group's reorganization announcement at the AKB48's Tokyo Dome concert, she was moved from Team B to Team A.
Jade Y. Chen : Jade Y. Chen () is a novelist, journalist, theatre director and playwright from Taiwan.
Jade Y. Chen : She is best known for her book, "China", which won the Taiwan Golden Text Award (金典獎) for best novel and the Hong Kong Baptist University’s Dream of the Red Chamber Award Jury Prize.
Jiang Fangzhou : Jiang Fangzhou (; born October 27, 1989, in the city of Xiangyang, in Hubei province) is a Chinese infant prodigy author.
Jiang Fangzhou : She is currently a student in Tsinghua University and the author of nine books, among which "Unlatched the Window onto the Paradise" () is her prose works published when she was 9 and was later adapted for a comic book; and "We are Growing" () is her first novel published in September 2001 and in November its traditional Chinese edition appeared in Taiwan; and "Preadolescence" () in May 2002; "Look over Here" () in October 2002; "I am an Animal" () a long fairy tale in October, 2003, was later adapted for a stage play; "The True Story of the Mischievous Child" (), a column, began to appear both in "The Beijing News" and "Southern Metropolis Daily" in November, 2003, was formally published in October 2004; "The Rainbow Rider" () in July 2006; "Number One Schoolgirl" () in July 2007, and "Features of Rumors" () in January 2009.
Akira Himekawa : They were previously individually pen named and .
Gabriella Wilde : In 2013, Wilde was cast in the second film adaptation of Scott Spencer's novel "Endless Love", released 2014, opposite Alex Pettyfer.
Gabriella Wilde : Afterwards she attended Heathfield St Mary's School, Ascot and St Swithun's School, Winchester, before leaving to pursue a course in art while continuing with her modelling career.
Gabriella Wilde : Wilde married musician Alan Pownall on 13 September 2014, both previously having attended Windlesham House School.
Gabriella Wilde : Gabriella Zanna Vanessa Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe (born 8 April 1989), known professionally as Gabriella Wilde or Gabriella Calthorpe, is an English model and actress.
Gabriella Wilde : Spotted at age 14 by Naomi Campbell, she joined her agency Premier Model Management and appeared in campaigns for companies including L.K.Bennett, Lacoste, Abercrombie & Fitch, Burberry, Topshop and posed for "InStyle", "Cosmopolitan", "Vogue" and "Nylon".
Gabriella Wilde : Wilde has a younger sister, Octavia, as well as five half-siblings: Olivia and Arabella Llewellyn, from her mother's first marriage, and Georgiana, Isabella, and Jacobi, from her father's first marriage, to Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon.
Katherine Schwarzenegger : On June 8, 2019, they were married in Montecito, California.
Katherine Schwarzenegger : She is the eldest child of Austrian-born actor and politician Arnold Schwarzenegger and journalist and author Maria Shriver.
Fiona Fung : In 2010, she released her second album "Sweet Melody".
Fiona Fung : Fiona Fung (Traditional Chinese 馮曦妤; Simplified Chinese 冯曦妤; born December 14, 1983), also known as Fung Hei-yu, is a Cantopop singer-lyricist based in Hong Kong.
Fiona Fung : Another song written and sung by her, "Forever Friends", was also included in the album "True Colors".
Maiya Maneza : Maiya Salakharqyzy Maneza (; ; , born 1 November 1985) is a Kazakh weightlifter.
Maiya Maneza : She initially won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 63 kg category by lifting a combined weight of 245 kg and set a new Olympic record in the process.
Farida Osman : Farida Hisham Osman ( ; born 18 January 1995) is an Egyptian competitive swimmer who specializes in butterfly and freestyle events.
Simonetta Sommaruga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Simonetta Sommaruga : On 11 August 2010, she announced her candidacy to succeed Moritz Leuenberger in the 2010 Federal Council election.
Simonetta Sommaruga : Sommaruga became President of the Federal Council again in 2020.
Simonetta Sommaruga : Simonetta Myriam Sommaruga (born 14 May 1960) is a Swiss politician who served as President of the Swiss Confederation for 2020.
Licia Ronzulli : The French magazine "Madame le Figaro" placed her in 3rd place on its list of most influential women of 2010.
Licia Ronzulli : On 22 September 2010, Ronzulli took her 44-day-old daughter, Vittoria, to a plenary session of the European Parliament.
Licia Ronzulli : In 2003, she became the chief of her department as coordinator at the "IRCCS Galeazzi" hospital of Milan, in Italy.
Licia Ronzulli : Prior to becoming an MEP, she was a hospital director and nurse in Milan and Bangladesh.
Emi Takei : Originally an aspiring model, when Takei entered junior high school, she declared to her parents that she would become a model within her three years in junior high.
Cindy Yen : Yen composed and sang the theme song "Do you see me" for FarEasTone advertisements, after Joanna Wang & Alisa Gao.
Masato Kudo : On 23 September 2010, Kudo was selected for the Japan Under-21 squad for the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou, China.
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : Since 2008, she has focused her career on playing rock music, concentrating on heavy metal covers by many famous metal bands.
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : In 2003, Yermolyeva explored jazz music and studied with Leonid Chizhik.
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : On 29 January 2011 she performed her first live rock concert in Reykjavík, Iceland (VIGGIE & VIKA: Live in Iceland) collaborating with drummer Brian Viglione.
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : It was funded via the crowdfunding platform PledgeMusic, and was entitled "Fan's Edition".
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : In the early classical phase of her career, she won a variety of piano competitions, such as 1st Prize at "Filippo Trevisan" competition for Piano Interpretation in Italy, winner of The Grachtenfestival 2005 Amsterdam, 1st Prize at 35th International Competition "Vincenzo Bellini" in Italy, 1st Prize at 20th International Piano Competition "Citta di Marsala", 1st Prize at International Piano Competition “Citta' Di Trani”, 1st Prize at 4th Sigismund Thalberg International Competition, and the Grand Prix at 9th Pierre Lantier International Music Competition in duet with V. Dmitriev (flute) in France.
Viktoriya Yermolyeva : After studying at the Tchaikovsky Music Academy in Ukraine (2000), she completed her graduate studies at the University of Music FRANZ LISZT in Weimar, and the International Piano Academy "Incontri col Maestro" in Imola, Italy, with the famous pianist Lazar Berman.
Darya Dmitriyeva : Darya Andreyevna Dmitriyeva ( ; born 22 June 1993) is a Russian rhythmic gymnast.
Tong Bing Yu : Tong won Miss Malaysia Chinese Cosmos International 2006, in which she won along with two other subsidiary titles, Miss Personality and Miss Perfect Skin.
Tong Bing Yu : Tong Bing Yu (born ; 14 June 1983) is a Malaysian actress.
Mackenzie Foy : Foy began modeling in print ads in 2004, working for Garnet Hill, Polo Ralph Lauren and Guess.
Mackenzie Foy : Shooting on the film began in February 2012 in North Carolina, and it was released in July 2013.
Peter Eich : Peter Eich (born 18 June 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for SV Waldhof Mannheim, FC 08 Homburg and 1.
Kelly Mac : In 2010, Mac was honored by the National Association of Broadcasters with the Marconi award for Radio Personality of the Year at WJMZ-FM.
James S. A. Corey : The authors have also written a "Star Wars" novel, "Honor Among Thieves", published by Random House in 2014, and a short story unrelated to "The Expanse" titled "A Man Without Honor", included in the anthology "Old Mars", edited by George R. R. Martin.
James S. A. Corey : The authors began to release other novels in the series including "Caliban's War" (2012), "Abaddon's Gate" (2013), "Cibola Burn" (2014), "Nemesis Games" (2015), "Babylon's Ashes" (2016), and "Persepolis Rising" (2017).
James S. A. Corey : James S. A. Corey is the pen name used by collaborators Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck, authors of the science fiction series "The Expanse".
Cher Lloyd : Early in her career, Lloyd was known for her "infectious pop-rap, charting hits," ranging from songs such as "Swagger Jagger" and "Want U Back" to her collaborations "Really Don't Care" with Demi Lovato and "Oath" with Becky G. With the release of "None of My Business" and "M.I.A", she began to take a more mature approach to her work in what "Rolling Stone" described as a "mature phase."
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd released her debut studio album, "Sticks + Stones," on 4 November 2011.
Chang Sang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chang Sang : Chang Sang (born 3 October 1939) became the first female Prime Minister of South Korea when President Kim Dae-jung reshuffled his cabinet in 2002.
Simona Orinska : Her clients consist of both children and adults.
Simona Orinska : She provides both individual and group Dance Movement Therapy.
Simona Orinska : She is now one of the members in the Board of Directors of the Association.
Simona Orinska : She uses movement to improve her clients' physical, emotional, cognitive and social capabilities.
Simona Orinska : She uses this therapy to help her clients to ease emotional and physical stress, solve psychosomatic difficulties, garner life energy, obtain deep relaxation, develop creativity and feel the joy of body movement.
Simona Orinska : Apart from butoh performances, she also involved in a processional art performance - "Somebody who leads" and a performance in a photo exhibition - "On Haiku".
Simona Orinska : She also made a multimedia performance butoh performance titled "Eyes Fluttering in My Knees."
Simona Orinska : She also participated in an international video dance project (Latvia, England, Portugal, Spain, Chile, Hungary).
Simona Orinska : Simona had her first exposure on butoh in a workshop with Sophie Cournede from Schloss Brölin Art Center, Germany way back in 2002.
Simona Orinska : Since 20 April 2009 she is employed as an art therapy specialist (Dance Movement therapist) in a children hospital "Gailezers" and works with children with psychiatric problems.
Simona Orinska : Simona Orinska (born 18 August 1978 in Ērgļi, Latvia) is the only butoh artist in Latvia and a multidisciplinary artist - contemporary dancer, poet, director and choreographer of many art projects.
Simona Orinska : She had two Dance Movement Therapy internships in Bristol, the United Kingdom in 2008, namely in a dance movement therapy center called "Dance Voice" (client groups: mental health problems, addiction recovery, learning difficulties, autistic children and individual clients) and in a special school for autistic children called "St.Cristopher’s School” (client groups: Individual clients with autistic spectrum disorders.
Simona Orinska : In 2010, she will make a new performance titled "The Sacred Dances of the Night" at Happy Art Museum (www.pinakoteka.lv) in Riga, Latvia on October 30, November 6 & 27 together with Modris Tenisons (artist, director), Artis Gulbis (performance & sound artist), Gita Straustina(video artist), Skaidra Jančaite (Lithuania, singer), Ken Mai (Japan, co-author, consultant of performance), Ērika Māldere (artistic lighting designer) and her companion Aigars Lenkēvičs (graphic designer) from Lamp Design Worshop.
Midori Katō : After the Crown Prince Naruhito and his younger brother the Prince Akishino said that they were watching "Sazae-san", Kato said "Dad, mom, I'm thrilled, I don't want to go home anymore.
Holland Roden : She came from a medical family and majored in molecular biology and women's studies at UCLA, and spent three and a half years in pre-medical education with a view to becoming a cardiothoracic surgeon before taking up acting full-time.
Holland Roden : She criticized the rigorous way she was treated: "After two years of traveling to Brazil with this passport and this visa with no problems, to meet fans and make friends, I am taken aback by the accusations and the treatment that faced me from the Brazilian Police today.
Holland Roden : In March 2019, Roden was cast as Sienna in "Jane the Novela", a spin-off to "Jane the Virgin".
Sarah Wescot-Williams : Following the collapse of the first Wescot-Williams cabinet in April 2012, she was again designated Prime Minister in the second Wescot-Williams cabinet installed on 21 May 2012.
Sarah Wescot-Williams : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Ha-sun : Park Ha-sun (born October 22, 1987) is a South Korean actress.
Rachel Kranton : More specifically, Kranton studies social networks and develops formal theories of how social networks affect economic behavior, the effects of buyer-seller networks, institutions in colonial India, and reciprocal exchange.
Rachel Kranton : in Economics and Public Affairs from the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, and later her Ph.D. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Rachel Kranton : In a review for "Science", Robert Sugden writes: "Nonspecialist readers will find a lot of insightful and well-informed analysis of how issues of identity affect real economic problems."
Aditi Mutatkar : Aditi Mutatkar (born 6 October 1987) is an Indian badminton player from Pune, Maharashtra.
Tan Ya-ting : Tan Ya-ting (; born 7 November 1993) is an archer who represents Chinese Taipei.
Tan Ya-ting : Tan's first international medal came in the girls' individual event of the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, earning silver medal after losing to former FITA Archery World Cup champion Kwak Ye-Ji in the final.
Martha Roby : in 2001.
Martha Roby : in 2001.
Martha Roby : Martha Kehres Roby ( ; née Dubina, July 26, 1976) is an American attorney and politician who served as the U.S. Representative for 's congressional district from 2011 to 2021.
Rodziah Ismail : Rodziah binti Ismail (born 8 July 1964) is a Malaysian politician and the Selangor State Assemblywoman representing Batu Tiga and served as Selangor State Executive Councillor.
Rodziah Ismail : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shin Kyung-sook : Shin has won a wide variety of literary prizes including the Today’s Young Artist Award from the South Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, "Hankook Ilbo" Literature Prize, Hyundae Literature Award, Manhae Literature Prize, Dong-in Literary Award, Yi Sang Literary Award, and the Oh Young-su Literature Prize.
Yolandi Visser : du Toit was a member of the South African 'corporate' hip-hop group MaxNormal.TV, in which she played the role of Max Normal's personal assistant.
Hung Huang : Hung's mother, Zhang Hanzhi worked as a translator and English tutor for Mao Zedong.
Qin Yi : Qin Yi (; born 31 January 1922) is a Chinese film and drama actress.
Surjit Kaur Barnala : Her husband died on 14 January 2017 after prolonged illness.
Surjit Kaur Barnala : Surjit Singh and Surjit Kaur had a daughter Amrit Kaur Sandhu, who was married to an Army officer Major Adesh Pal Singh Sandhu, but Amrit Kaur died in October 2012 due to cancer.
Surjit Kaur Barnala : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nasrin Sotoudeh : In January 2011, Iranian authorities sentenced Sotoudeh to 11 years in prison, in addition to barring her from practicing law and from leaving the country for 20 years.
Nasrin Sotoudeh : Her clients have included journalist Isa Saharkhiz, Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi, and Heshmat Tabarzadi.
Pan Hong : In 1978, 24-year-old Pan married Mi Jiashan (米家山) who is seven years older（born in May 1947）.
Wang Jiali : On January 10, 2018, Wang Jiali faces a second ban for eight years, after failing at an anti-doping test for the second time.
Viktoria Komova : Komova returned to the national team training center, Round Lake in May.
Viktoria Komova : Komova was born in Voronezh, Russia, to Vera Kolesnikova and Alexander Komov.
Helene Fischer : After graduating from school, Fischer attended the Frankfurt Stage & Musical School for three years, where she studied singing and acting.
Alba Rohrwacher : Under the presidency of Meryl Streep, she was member of the jury of the Berlinale 2016.
Alba Rohrwacher : Alba Caterina Rohrwacher (] , ] ; born 27 February 1979) is an Italian actress.
Renee Ellmers : Her father was of Czech and French-Canadian descent and her mother was of Croatian and Polish ancestry.
Renee Ellmers : In October 2015, Ellmers was accused of having an affair with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had unexpectedly dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House shortly before the allegations surfaced.
Renee Ellmers : Renee Jacisin Ellmers (born February 9, 1964) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for North Carolina 's congressional district from 2011 to 2017.
Renee Ellmers : On election day, November 2, 2010, Ellmers was declared the winner by the media and a recount conducted on November 17 and 18 confirmed that she defeated Bob Etheridge during the general election by a margin of 0.8% or 1,483 votes.
Renee Ellmers : She sought the Republican Party nomination for Congress in North Carolina's 2nd congressional district, which was then held by seven-term incumbent Bob Etheridge.
Renee Ellmers : Ellmers met her husband Brent Ellmers, a surgeon, while working at Beaumont Hospital.
Jessie J : A song called "Sexy Silk", which appears on the "Easy A" soundtrack, was originally going to be her first single.
Jessie J : The song was written in 2005, when she just moved to Los Angeles, and was going through a very lonely difficult moment.
Jessie J : In 2003, at age 15, she won "Best Pop Singer" in the TV show "Britain's Brilliant Prodigies", performing as Jessica Cornish.
Kana Uemura : Uemura first became interested in music, after watching Julie Andrews performance in the 1965 film "The Sound of Music".
Saki Hasemi : In the December 2020 issue of ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki Maoh" manga magazine, it was announced that Hasemi and artist Wise Speak would launch a new manga series titled "GT-giRl" on November 27, 2020.
Duanganong Aroonkesorn : Duanganong Aroonkesorn ( ; born 6 February 1984) is an internationally elite badminton player from Thailand.
Kunchala Voravichitchaikul : Kunchala Voravichitchaikul ( ; born 14 November 1984) is an internationally elite badminton player from Thailand.
Sister Feng : Luo Yufeng (born 1985) (), better known as Sister Feng (凤姐, meaning "Sister Phoenix") is a Chinese woman who became an internet celebrity and bully meme in China in late 2009.
Im Ye-jin : Im Ye-jin (born Im Ki-hee on December 26, 1959) is a South Korean actress.
Estrella Lin : Estrella Lin (; born 1980) is a pop music singer from Taiwan, formerly a member of the girl group 3EP Beauties, and the author of a Chinese-language book detailing alleged abuses in South Korea's pop music industry.
Kim Young-sook : Kim Young-sook ( ; born 1947) was the third wife of Kim Jong-il.
Kim Young-sook : Song Hye-rang, the sister of Kim Jong-il's second wife Song Hye-rim, mentioned that she is "insignificant to Kim Jong-il, apart from being a legitimate wife in front of Kim Il-sung.
Wang Yaping : According to the official Shenzhou 10 report, Wang Yaping's birth date is stated as January 1980, which is incongruent with that of the Shenzhou 9 report.
An Yong-kwon : An Yong-Kwon (Hangul: 안용권, Hanja: 安容權; born October 15, 1982) is a South Korean weightlifter.
Rosmah Mansor : A breakdown of the items seized includes:
Rosmah Mansor : Datin Seri Hajah Rosmah binti Mansor (born 10 December 1951) is the second wife of former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak.
Jamie Wong : Jamie Wong Wan-Yiu (; born 4 November 1986) is a Hong Kong cyclist.
Jamie Wong : In March 2013, Jamie Wong successfully defended her title when she won the 20 km points race in the 2013 Asian Cycling Championships at New Delhi, by scoring 41 marks after 80 rounds, beating her Japanese and Malaysian rivals.
Yang Shu-chun : In 2012 London Olympics, Yang lost to Chanatip Sonkham of Thailand in the quarterfinals.
Elizabeth Olsen : Olsen and actor Boyd Holbrook were in a relationship from 2011 to 2014.
Elizabeth Olsen : She attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and Atlantic Theater Company and graduated in March 2013 after six years of intermittent study.
Elizabeth Olsen : Elizabeth Chase Olsen (born February 16, 1989) is an American actress.
Elizabeth Olsen : She became engaged to musician Robbie Arnett of the American band Milo Greene in 2019 after three years of dating.
Elizabeth Olsen : Having appeared in her sisters' videos, when she was in the fourth grade Olsen began to go on auditions for other projects.
Elizabeth Olsen : She co-starred in the 2013 American remake of the 2003 South Korean film "Oldboy"; she played Marie, a young social worker who developed a relationship with the protagonist, played by Josh Brolin.
Zulfiya Chinshanlo : She set a world record in the clean and jerk on 29 July 2012 at the 2012 London Olympics by lifting 131 kg.
Elise Christie : She then chose to stick with speed skating at the age of fifteen, when she moved to Nottingham to train full-time at the National Ice Centre.
Elise Christie : Elise Christie (born 13 August 1990) is a British short track speed skater.
Elise Christie : At the 2013 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Debrecen, Hungary, Christie won a bronze medal in 1000m.
Nargis Fakhri : Her father is Pakistani, and her mother is Czech.
Betty Kwan Chinn : She won the 2008 Minerva Award.
Betty Kwan Chinn : U.S. President Barack Obama awarded her and 12 others the Presidential Citizens Medal on August 4, 2010 at the White House.
Betty Kwan Chinn : She has helped the homeless—including the mentally ill, disabled veterans, runaways, and drug abusers—since the 1980s.
Kim Thúy : She was nominated for the New Academy Prize in Literature in 2018.
Kim Thúy : Kim Thúy Ly Thanh, CQ (born 1968 in Saigon, South Vietnam) is a Vietnamese-born Canadian writer, whose debut novel "Ru" won the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction at the 2010 Governor General's Awards.
Kim Thúy : Thúy's debut novel "Ru" won the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction at the 2010 Governor General's Awards.
Kim Thúy : She worked as a restaurateur for five years, after which she dedicated one full year to creative writing, and landed a publishing contract for her first book thanks to a former patron of Ru de Nam.
Kim Thúy : At the age of ten, Thúy left Vietnam with her parents and two brothers, joining more than one million Vietnamese boat people fleeing the country's communist regime after the fall of Saigon in 1975.
Aamina Sheikh : Sheikh married actor Mohib Mirza, at Karachi.
Li Xiaoyun : Li Xiaoyun (; born 16 March 1987), also known as Michelle Li, is a Chinese-born Australian singer.
Abdul Haseem Khan : Abdul Haseem Khan (born 15 July 1987 in Karachi) is a field hockey player from Pakistan.
N. K. Jemisin : She was the Author Guest of Honor at Arisia 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts.
N. K. Jemisin : Jemisin was a member of the Boston-area writing group BRAWLers, and is a member of Altered Fluid, a speculative fiction critique group.
N. K. Jemisin : Jemisin was born in Iowa City, Iowa, and grew up in New York City and Mobile, Alabama.
N. K. Jemisin : In May 2016, Jemisin mounted a Patreon campaign which raised sufficient funding to allow her to quit her job as a counseling psychologist and focus full-time on her writing.
N. K. Jemisin : During her delivery of the Guest of Honour speech at the 2013 Continuum in Australia, Jemisin pointed out that 10% of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) membership voted for alt-right writer Theodore Beale in his bid for the SFWA presidential position, stating that silence about Beale's views was the same as enabling them.
N. K. Jemisin : Jemisin's novel "The Fifth Season" won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2016, making her the first African-American writer to win a Hugo award in that category.
Sahara Smith : Sahara Smith (born September 26, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter who released her debut album in 2010.
Sahara Smith : She began writing poetry at age 3, with a poem published in the "Anthology of Poetry for Young Americans" while in the second grade, music at age twelve and at age fifteen took second place in A Prairie Home Companion's 'Talent from 12-20' contest on May 8, 2004, performing "It Don't Rain Much" and "Twilight Red".
Ann Ward : An emotional Ward said the victory was especially gratifying because she was mocked in her childhood for being "too tall [and] not normal", to which judge and fashion photographer Nigel Barker said, "Guess what?
Ann Ward : As a result, she received a $100,000 contract with CoverGirl Cosmetics, a contract with IMG Models, the cover of "Beauty In Vogue", fashion spreads in "Vogue Italia" and "Beauty In Vogue", as well as a prominent feature on the "Vogue Italia" website, Vogue.it.
Ann Ward : Ann Marie Ward (born April 20, 1991) is an American fashion model, best known as the winner of Cycle 15 of "America's Next Top Model".
Sherry Tsai : She has swum for Hong Kong at:
Sherry Tsai : She won Hong Kong's Best Swimmer Award 4 years-in-a-row (1998–2001), and at one time held 14 Hong Kong Records.
Shelley Bennett : Her early roles include Vivian Goodmanson on "As the World Turns", and the role of Erica starring opposite Kaley Cuoco, Nick Carter, and Kevin Zegers in the feature film "The Hollow" from producer Mason Novick (Juno, 500 Days of Summer).
Yoo In-na : Yoo In-na (born June 5, 1982) is a South Korean actress and DJ.
Yoo In-na : On May 14, 2014, their respective agencies confirmed in a press release that the couple had ended their relationship.
Gillain Berry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gillain Berry : Gillain Berry (born 1988) is a Jamaican-Aruban model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Aruba 2010 on December 4, 2010 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2011 and Miss World 2011.
Tōru Nara : Nara was born on May 7 in Shiraoka, Saitama.
Alexandra do Nascimento : Alexandra Priscila do Nascimento (born 16 September 1981) is a Brazilian female handball player for Bourg-de-Péage DHB and the Brazilian national team.
Olga Fonda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Olga Fonda : She moved to Maine in the United States for a year at age 14, as an exchange student living with the Auclair family in East Winthrop, Maine, while attending Winthrop High School from 1996 to 1997.
Olga Fonda : Olga Tchakova was born in the Siberian region of Russia and then lived in Ukhta, Komi ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, in the country's Komi Republic.
Chana Masson : Chana Franciela Masson de Souza (born 18 December 1978 in Capinzal) is a Brazilian handball goalkeeper, who plays for CSKA Moscow in Russia.
Yoko Aki : She has acted in several films, and she won the award for best supporting actress at the 5th Hochi Film Award for "Shiki Natsuko".
Rumiko Koyanagi : In 1973, Amachi, Koyanagi and Minami were followed by Momoe Yamaguchi, Junko Sakurada and Masako Mori, who were known as ""Hana No Chu 3 Trio"" (The Trio of Third-Year Junior High School Students).
Jamala : Jamala speaks Russian as her mother tongue, and she is also fluent in Ukrainian and English which she learned as an adolescent.
Jamala : She entered the Simferopol Music College and later graduated from Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine as an opera singer, but preferred a career in pop music.
Jamala : Susana Alimivna Jamaladinova (born 27 August 1983), better known by her stage name Jamala, is a Ukrainian singer, actress and songwriter.
Palwasha Bashir : Palwasha Bashir (born 20 October 1987) is a badminton player, born in Karachi, Pakistan.
Lily Chung : Lily Chung Suk Wai (鍾淑慧) (born April 4, 1969) is a Hong Kong based actress, she graduated from Hong Kong University.
Michelle MacLaren : She graduated from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
Chanel Preston : Preston co-hosted the 31st annual AVN Awards show alongside Samantha Saint on January 18, 2014.
Chanel Preston : Chanel Preston is an American pornographic actress and the "Penthouse" magazine Penthouse Pet for March 2012.
Nina Vidal : A frequent traveler to Asia and Europe, Vidal currently resides either in New York City and Spain.
Nina Vidal : She was the featured vocalist on the song "Moon Child" by Japanese artist Kenichiro Nishihara.
Nina Vidal : Nina Simone Vidal (born April 20), is an American singer-songwriter and pianist known best by her stage name, Nina Vidal.
Nina Vidal : In 2010, Vidal signed a Publishing deal with Universal Music Japan.
Nina Vidal : On her albums, Vidal collaborates with such artists as Lonnie Plaxico, Jean Caze, Jeff Haynes, Lee Hogans, and Jody Redhage.
Nina Vidal : She has been compared to: Jeff Buckley, Tracy Chapman, Amos Lee, Lizz Wright, Djavan, Nina Simone, Anita Baker, Sade, Antonio Carlos Jobim, and Fiona Apple.
Nina Vidal : Adam Greenberg of Allmusic.com wrote that, "Nina Vidal takes her inspiration from a wide array of classic female singers…she breaks loose with a subdued, smoldering style."
Nina Vidal : Starting in 2004, with the executives at Uni-Village records releasing her first album, and continuing to top the Japanese "Billboard" charts, Vidal owes a great deal of her success to Japan, Singapore, the Philippines and other Asian countries.
Nina Vidal : In 2010, Nina Vidal released the singles "Cigarette & Wine" and the Paul McCartney written song "My Love" on iTunes.
Evgenia Obraztsova : Evgenia Obraztsova married sculptor Andrey Korobtsov on 27 April 2014.
Emilia Clarke : In September 2011, she joined the SMA UK Trust Team as their celebrity ambassador.
Uyên Linh : Trần Nguyễn Uyên Linh (born December 31, 1987) is a Vietnamese pop singer who won the third season of "Vietnam Idol" in 2010.
Uyên Linh : After graduating from Le Hong Phong High School, she moved to Hanoi to study International Politics at the Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam.
Zhou Dongyu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kate Vrijmoet : Kate Vrijmoet is an American artist who lives and works in Seattle.
Kate Vrijmoet : ""Mother May I…?,"" — an interactive audio installment designed to address our fundamental sense of belonging — was awarded "Best Installation" by Charlotta Kotik, curator of the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
Rena Takeshita : She made her TV show debut in October 2000 on TBS's midnight show "Wonderful".
Goh Liu Ying : In May 2017, Goh announced that she had an aggravating injury in her right shoulder and thus, she went to Halle in Germany for the surgery.
Cheng Huan : Cheng Huan, QC, SC (; born 1947, Teluk Intan, Malaysia) is a prominent barrister in Hong Kong.
Chan-hae Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Young-ja Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tomoya Ugajin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Karen Foo Kune : Two times Mauritian Sportswoman of the Year (2004, 2009), ranked first in the African continent on several occasions.
Pauline Yeung : Pauline Yeung Bo-ling (楊寶玲, born April 17, 1966) is a Hong Kong actress and a former Miss Hong Kong Pageant 1987.
Pauline Yeung : Yeung won the 1987 Miss Hong Kong Pageant, and went on to compete at the 1987 Miss World pageant, where she placed amongst the top 12 semi-finalists and went on to win the Continental Queen of Asia award.
Erina Ikuta : In August 2011, she replaced the graduated Saki Ogawa of S/mileage on the children's morning program Oha Suta as an Oha Girl.
Tamina Snuka : Snuka is a mother of two daughters.
Tamina Snuka : On the June 20 episode of "SmackDown", Carmella was stripped from the briefcase by SmackDown's general manager, Daniel Bryan, and a rematch took place on the June 27 episode's main event, in which Tamina failed again and Carmella was victorious.<ref name="SmackDown 27/06/17"> </ref> On the July 4 episode of Smackdown, Tamina comforted Lana after her championship loss, teasing an alliance between the two.
Kinuyo Yamashita : She moved to the United States in 2010, and currently resides in Montague, New Jersey.
Kinuyo Yamashita : In 1989, she left Konami to become a freelance composer.
Kinuyo Yamashita : As an independent composer, Yamashita continued to score soundtracks for video games, including "Mega Man X3", but she also worked on various Natsume games, including "Power Blade", the "Medabot" series, "Zen-Nippon Pro Wrestling" series, "Bass Masters Classic" (Game Boy Color), "" (GBC), "WWF Wrestlemania 2000" (GBC), among others.
Lam Manyee : Lam graduated from the University of Hong Kong in psychology and sociology.
O Sonfa : O Sonfa (呉 善花, Japanese: , born 15 September 1956), commonly known as her Korean name Oh Seon-hwa ( ), is a professor in the School of International Relations at Takushoku University in Tokyo, she is also active as an author and journalist in Japan.
Yu Wai Ting : Yu Wai Ting (; born August 1, 1993) is a swimmer from Hong Kong.
Neko Jump : The twins were born on December 10, 1989.
Anastasia Russkikh : Anastasia Vladimirovna Russkikh ( ; born 20 May 1983) is an international badminton player from Gatchina, Russia.
Linda Rising : Rising lives in Phoenix, Arizona.
Linda Rising : Linda Rising is an American author, lecturer, independent consultant.
Linda Rising : In industry, she worked in the areas of telecommunications, avionics, and tactical weapons systems.
Linda Rising : The patterns are listed by name and divided into categories, and for each pattern a rudimentary description as well as a reference to a book, journal or URL where the actual published pattern can be found is provided.
Linda Rising : "The Pattern Almanac 2000" has been cited as reference on existing patterns and used as starting-point of further research.
Linda Rising : The study has been cited for showing "that nonhierarchical teams work more effectively through the complex iterations and time-consuming gestation of a software program" and that "they gain strength through shared successes and failures".
Linda Rising : Rising is credited as having played a major role in having "moved the pattern approach from design into corporate change."
Linda Rising : Since 2010, she is editor of the "Insights" series of the IEEE Software magazine.
Linda Rising : She is author of "Fearless Change: Patterns for Introducing New Ideas", co-authored with Mary Lynn Manns and published 2004.
Linda Rising : Her book "The Pattern Almanac 2000" provides a comprehensive inventory of patterns compiled from publications in patterns conferences and books prior to the year 2000.
Linda Rising : Her work has inspired many in the agile community, for instance Steve Adolph and Paul Bramble, who, together with Alistair Cockburn and Andy Pols, expanded further on Rising's use patterns.
Linda Rising : "), the "OOP 2009" conference (topic: "Who Do You Trust?
Linda Rising : Rising's indexing of existing patterns is seen as "a significant start toward achieving the ultimate goal of a pattern database."
Linda Rising : Rising taught as instructor in mathematics and computer science at various universities throughout the midwest from 1977 to 1984 and worked as assistant professor from 1984 to 1987 at Indiana University – Purdue University Fort Wayne.
Linda Rising : Rising has been keynote speaker at the "agile 2007" conference (topic: "Are agilists the bonobos of software development?
Linda Rising : The study "The scrum software development process for small teams" by Rising and Norman S. Janoff is cited as first published study in which the scrum, a development process for small teams which includes a series of "sprints" which each last typically between one and four weeks, was tested in real-life projects.
Linda Rising : "), the "Agile testing days Berlin 2010" (topic: "Deception and Estimation: How we fool ourselves"), at the "GOTO Amsterdam 2014" conference (topic: "Science or Stories?
Linda Rising : She also contributed to the book "97 Things Every Software Architect Should Know", edited by Kevlin Henney and published by O´Reilly in 2009 (<templatestyles src="Module:Citation/CS1/styles.css" /> ).
Linda Rising : Contributors to her book include experts from the patterns community such as James O. Coplien and Douglas C. Schmidt.
Linda Rising : "), and at the "European Testing Conference 2016" in Bukarest (topic: "The Agile Mindset")
Linda Rising : In 1964, Rising obtained a bachelor's degree in chemistry at the University of Kansas, in 1984 a Master of Science degree in computer science at Southern Illinois University and in 1987 a M. A. in mathematics at the Southwest Missouri State University.
Noh Seon-yeong : Noh Seon-yeong ( , born 19 October 1989) is a South Korean speed skater who holds the national record for the women's long track speed skating 1500 metres.
Sian Massey-Ellis : She is married to Robert Ellis, also a football referee.
Sian Massey-Ellis : Her involvement in the qualification stage for the Women's World Cup increased for the 2011 edition of the competition, taking up the role of assistant referee for Norway's 2–0 win over Ukraine, Sweden's 1–0 away victory over the Czech Republic in Prague and Belgium's 11–0 home win over Azerbaijan.
Sian Massey-Ellis : Massey-Ellis's early international career has included involvement in the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup by taking up the role of fourth official for England's 4–0 qualification stage win over Austria on 20 April 2006.
Natsume Ono : In 2003, upon her return to Japan, she began to create the webcomic series "La Quinta Camera".
Natsume Ono : Ono began creating "dōjinshi" (self-published manga) after graduating from high school.
Ariane Labed : Born to French parents, Labed spent her first six years in Athens, then six years in Germany.
Ariane Labed : In 2018, she appeared as Rachel in Helen Edmundson's film "Mary Magdalene".
Lee Seung-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Seung-hee : Lee was released by Nagoya Grampus, along with 8 other players, on 10 November 2016 following the club's relegation to J2 League.
Brit Marling : Despite having many roles in films she has co-written, Marling stated she "get[s] a lot more pleasure in acting in other people's stories" since "one of the great pleasures of acting is surrendering to someone else's point of view of the world."
Brit Marling : The second season, entitled "Part II", was released on March 22, 2019, and received very positive reviews.
Brit Marling : In the summer of 2009, she joined a group of freegans with friend and co-worker Zal Batmanglij, living in tents and retrieving food from dumpsters, to explore how other young people were constructing a meaningful life.
Brit Marling : She stated she "wanted to be able to cast herself in roles that wouldn't require her to play the typical parts offered to young actresses, the perfunctory girlfriend or a crime victim."
Brit Marling : It was written by Marling and Batmanglij, who produced the series along with Dede Gardner and Jeremy Kleiner of Plan B, and Michael Sugar of Anonymous Content.
Brit Marling : Directed by Zal Batmanglij and co-written by Marling and Batmanglij, "The East" is based on the duo's experience as freegans and their concern with the side effects of prescription drugs.
Brit Marling : She felt a life spent there would have a lack of meaning and eventually turned down a job offer from the firm, opting instead to move to Cuba with Cahill to film the documentary "Boxers and Ballerinas."
Barbara Palvin : Barbara Palvin (] ; born 8 October 1993) is a Hungarian model.
Rey Chow : In addition to publishing a number of academic articles and translations, Chow has published the following books:
Seo Young-hee : She is best known for her supporting role in thriller "The Chaser" (2008) and her award-winning lead role in horror film "Bedevilled" (2010).
Yang Shin-young : Yang Shin-young (born 8 November 1990) is a female South Korean short-track and long-track speed skater.
Makhosonke Bhengu : Makhosonke Bhengu (born 21 November 1983 in Durban) is a South African footballer who plays for Pattaya United in the Thai Premier League.
Asmaa Mahfouz : Born on 1 February 1985 in Egypt, Asmaa graduated from Cairo University with a BA in Business Administration.
Asmaa Mahfouz : In October 2011 it was announced that, together with four other Arabs, Mahfouz would be awarded the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize in recognition of her drive for freedom and human rights.
Tian Qing : Tian is married to Zhang Nan in November 2018.
Tian Qing : Tian Qing (; born August 19, 1986) is a women's and mixed doubles badminton player from China.
Bailey Jay : Bailey Jay (born November 5, 1988) is an American pornographic actress, adult model, and podcaster.
Eugenie Bouchard : 46.
Eugenie Bouchard : Ana Ivanovic said about that: "I went through that and it's not easy," "And every person or player goes through it differently because of their character.
Eugenie Bouchard : Bouchard was named the Newcomer of the Year after her breakthrough season, the first Canadian since Carling Bassett-Seguso in 1983 to win the WTA award.
Eugenie Bouchard : She captured the ITF singles and doubles titles in Costa Rica and also the All Canadian ITF singles title in Burlington, Ontario in 2008.
Carlene Aguilar : Carlene Ang Aguilar (; born February 8, 1982) is a Filipino-Chinese actress and former beauty queen, having been crowned Miss Philippines Earth 2001 and Binibining Pilipinas World 2005.
Carlene Aguilar : Aguilar won the title of Miss Philippines Earth 2001 and became the country's representative to Miss Earth 2001, where she placed in Top 10 and won special award Best in Evening Gown.
Lena Katina : t.A.T.u.
Lena Katina : Music label.
Lena Katina : Katina hosted a fan event at The Trail in Los Angeles on 29 May 2010 and gave her first solo performance on 30 May 2010 at the Troubador in Los Angeles.
Lena Katina : It was confirmed by the official t.A.T.u.
Lena Katina : Katina was the opening act of PrideFest in Milwaukee on 12 June 2010.
Lena Katina : On the day of her performance at Pridefest, Katina released a free download of a song from her upcoming album called "Lost in this Dance".
Lena Katina : Alongside the release of Lost in This Dance, she recorded the single "Guardian Angel" with the Canadian post-hardcore band, Abandon All Ships, which was featured on their 2010 debut album "Geeving", which was released in October.
Lena Katina : Creator and then-manager of t.A.T.u., Ivan Shapovalov stated that the idea of t.A.T.u.
Jacki Weaver : Her mother, Edith (née Simpson), was a migrant from England, and her father, Arthur Weaver, was a Sydney solicitor.
Lin Chi-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Chi-ling : In 2000, Lin left Fubon and spent three months studying in Japan, then returned to Taiwan and modeling, with Catwalk Production House.
Zheng Jie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zheng Jie : This made Zheng the first Chinese women's tennis player ever to reach the semifinals of a Grand Slam singles tournament.
Julia Volkova : Yulia Olegovna Volkova ( ; born 20 February 1985), better known by the alternative spelling of Julia, is a Russian singer best known for being a member of the Russian girl group t.A.T.u., along with Lena Katina.
Eva Marcille : ("née Pigford"; born October 30, 1984) is an American actress, fashion model and television personality.
Eva Marcille : Her other modeling credits include CoverGirl, DKNY, Samsung, Red by Marc Ecko, "Jewel", "In Touch Weekly" (June 2005), "King" (November 2005), "WeTheUrban", IONA, "UNleashed", "Star Magazine", "Elle", "Elle Girl", Apple Bottoms, Lerner Catalog, Avon Campaign 4 and Rolling Out.
Eva Marcille : Marcille's runway shows include the Marc Bouwer Fall 2005, Elle Girl presents Dare to Be You: Wal-Mart Meets America's Next Top Model 2005, Gharani Strok Fall 2005, Deborah Lindquist Spring 2006, Naqada Spring 2006, 8th Annual 'Models of Perfection' Show 2006, and L.A.
Stepfanie Kramer : Her father was a classical violinist and her mother is an artist.
Eri Fukatsu : In her early years in Japan's entertainment business, Eri Fukatsu worked as a singer under the names Rie Mizuhara and Rie Takahara, but later decided to use her real name.
Nawal El Saadawi : In 2005, she won the Inana International Prize in Belgium, and in 2012, the International Peace Bureau awarded her the 2012 Seán MacBride Peace Prize.
Kerry Kennedy : Mary Kerry Kennedy (born September 8, 1959) is an American human rights activist and writer.
Farah Pahlavi : Yes, Your Majesty.
Farah Pahlavi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Farah Pahlavi : Farah Pahlavi ( ; born none }} ), née Farah Diba ( ), is the widow of the last Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and was the Shahbanu of Iran from 1961 to 1979.
Patricia Velásquez : In February 2015, Velásquez released her memoir "Straight Walk", recalling her journey from poverty to international acclaim.
Patricia Velásquez : She is fluent in English, Spanish, French, and Italian.
Elizabeth Hurley : Her father was a major in the Royal Army Educational Corps; her mother was a teacher at Kempshott Junior School.
Elizabeth Hurley : Elizabeth Jane Hurley (born 10 June 1965) is an English actress, businesswoman and model.
Elizabeth Hurley : In April 2005, Elizabeth Hurley Beach, her beachwear line that she also models every summer, was launched at Harrods in the UK.
Elizabeth Hurley : On 4 April 2002, Hurley gave birth to a son, Damian Charles Hurley.
Kim Hyun-kon : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Joni Ernst : King."
Joni Ernst : Joni Kay Ernst (née Culver; born July 1, 1970) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator for Iowa since 2015.
Andreja Pejić : Pejić ranked number 18 on Models.com's Top 50 Models list in 2011, was named one of "Out"' s Most Compelling People, and was ranked number 98 in "FHM" magazine's 100 Sexiest Women in the World 2011, an award that was criticised for its hostile tone to transgender individuals, especially transgender women; the magazine referred to Pejić as a "thing", commenting, "Pass the sick bucket."
Andreja Pejić : Andreja Pejić ( ; born 28 August 1991) is a Bosnian-Australian model and actress.
Kate Upton : She eventually moved to New York City, where she then signed with IMG Models.
Kate Upton : The whole thing made me realize that I do want a cross with me, at all times."
Kate Upton : During a photo shoot, someone joked about a cross necklace she wore, saying, "Why are you wearing a cross?
Kate Upton : Like you would be religious", then took the necklace from her to do the shoot.
Mana Ashida : Ashida was born on 23 June 2004 in Nishinomiya, Hyogo Prefecture and is an only child.
Liu Limin : Liu Limin (; born March 27, 1976) is a former swimmer from China who won the silver medal in the 100 m butterfly at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Kim Dam-min : Kim Dam-Min (Hangul: 김담민, Hanja: 金潭民) (born February 6, 1995) is a short track speed skater who competes for South Korea.
Naruhisa Arakawa : A bold denotes as a head writer.
Melissa McBride : In the mid-1980s, McBride moved to Atlanta, where she still lives.
Melissa McBride : McBride began her acting career in 1991, appearing in several television commercials for clients such as Rooms To Go; she was also a spokeswoman for Ford.
Melissa McBride : She made her series television debut in a 1993 episode of ABC legal drama series "Matlock", and later guest-starred in several other television drama series, including "In the Heat of the Night"; "American Gothic"; "Profiler"; "Walker, Texas Ranger"; and "Dawson's Creek".
Beth Behrs : She began performing in theater at age four and played soccer while growing up.
Beth Behrs : She began attending Tamalpais High School in 2001, and was accepted into the school's highly regarded drama program.
Beth Behrs : In 1989, her family moved to Springfield, Virginia, and later to Lynchburg, Virginia, where she was raised.
Beth Behrs : Behrs was born on December 26, 1985, in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the elder daughter of David Behrs, a college administrator, and Maureen Behrs, a first-grade teacher.
Beth Behrs : Behrs moved to Los Angeles, California, in 2004, to study acting at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
Beth Behrs : Elizabeth Ann Behrs (born December 26, 1985) is an American actress and writer known for her starring role as Caroline Channing in the CBS comedy series "2 Broke Girls".
Lisa Haydon : Haydon lived in Australia and the United States, before moving back to India in 2007.
Jang Jae-in : Jang Jae-in (Hangul: 장재인, born June 6, 1991), also known as Jang Jane, is a South Korean singer-songwriter known for her unique voice.
Hwang Hyun-sun : Hwang Hyun-sun (Hangul: 황현선, Hanja: 黃鉉善, born March 24, 1993) is a short track speed skater who competes for South Korea.
He Zhili : He Zhili (; born 30 September 1964 in Shanghai), also known by her married name , is a former table tennis world champion from China who later naturalized as a Japanese citizen and represented Japan under her married name.
Tatiana Kosheleva : As a member of the Russia women's national volleyball team, she participated in many competitions including the 2010 Montreux Volley Masters, the FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix (in 2007, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016), the European Championships (in 2007, 2009, 2013, 2015), the World Championships (in 2010, 2014), the 2015 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup in Japan, and the Olympic Games of London 2012 and Rio 2016.
Téa Obreht : Téa Obreht (born Tea Bajraktarević; 30 September 1985) is a Serbian-American novelist.
Park Hee-sung : Park Hee-sung (; Hanja: 朴熙成; born 7 April 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Seongnam FC in the K-League.
Yoo Dong-min : Yoo Dong-Min (; Hanja: 柳東玟; born 27 March 1989) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Gyeongju KHNP.
Janne Teller : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Janne Teller : Janne Teller's literature, consisting of mainly novels and essays, but also short stories – as well as various works for young adults – always focuses on larger existential perspectives of life and human civilization and often sparks controversial and heated debates.
Janne Teller : Janne Teller (born 8 April 1964 in Copenhagen) is a Danish writer of Austrian–German descent, who lives in New York and Berlin.
Susanne Baer : From 1983 to 1988 Baer studied German law and political science at the Free University of Berlin.
Jonathan Healy : Jonathan Healy (born October 10, 1945 in Greenfield, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 1st Franklin district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1971–1993 and served as the state's Commissioner of Food and Agriculture from 1993–2003.
Kim Ji-sun : Kim Ji-sun (born June 27, 1987) is a South Korean curler from Gyeonggi Province.
Kiko Mizuhara : Audrie Kiko Daniel (born October 15, 1990), known professionally as , is an American-Japanese model, actress, singer and designer who has lived in Japan since childhood.
Svetlana Kuznetsova : 3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rosario Fernández : 1097.
Rosario Fernández : She is married to lawyer Ernest Coz and is the mother of two daughters.
Rosario Fernández : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rosario Fernández : She continued advanced studies in Washington, D.C., gaining experience in civil procedure, arbitration, civil law, family law and international law.
Rosario Fernández : Rosario Del Pilar Fernández Figueroa (born 1955) is a Peruvian politician, who is a former Prime Minister of Peru and Minister of Justice.
Rebecca Black : It's very much a dance type song.
Nian Yun : She participated at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, winning a silver medal in 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay.
Nian Yun : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Nian Yun : Women's swimming
Océane Zhu : By September 2018, she privately got married in Belgium to a second generation rich man from Mainland China.
Océane Zhu : Océane Zhu Xuan (born on April 4, 1987) is a Chinese model, former beauty queen, and actress based in Hong Kong.
Kristina Vogel : At the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Melbourne, Vogel and Welte won the gold medal in the team sprint.
Kristina Vogel : On 26 June 2018, in the Cottbus velodrome, Vogel collided at high speed with a Dutch junior cyclist who was practising a standing start.
Bi Wenjing : Bi Wenjing (; born 1981) is a Chinese gymnast.
Guan Mucun : Guan Mucun (; born 1953) is a female Chinese mezzo-soprano singer born in Xinxiang, Henan province.
Mesila Doda : After leaving the Democratic Party of Albania she joined the Party for Justice, Integration and Unity, which is focused on advocating national issues like the Cham issue.
Mesila Doda : Mesila Doda (born February 6, 1971 in Kukës) was one of the first members of the Democratic Party of Albania and a member of the Albanian parliament from 2001 until 2017.
Mesila Doda : She is one of the most conservative MP's on the Parliament and has recently opposed legislation that grants same rights to LGBT people and legalization of marijuana and prostitution in Albania.
Chang Yi Wang : In 2007, the New York Intellectual Property Law Association (NYIPLA) presented Wang with the Inventor of the Year Award.
Tina Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston : Hon.
Tina Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston : Hon.
Tina Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston : In a cabinet reshuffle in July 2014, Baroness Stowell was appointed Leader of the House of Lords and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal.
Tina Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston : Tina Wendy Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston, (born 2 July 1967) is a British Conservative politician and member of the House of Lords.
Tina Stowell, Baroness Stowell of Beeston : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Clare Rewcastle Brown : During a visit to Sarawak in 2005 to speak at an environment conference, Rewcastle Brown was asked by local journalists and activists to help publicize the deforestation in the state.
Sally Haslanger : Having graduated from Reed College in 1977, Haslanger earned her Ph.D. in Philosophy in 1985 from the University of California, Berkeley.
Cao Yanhua : Cao Yanhua () also Tsao Yen-hua is a former international table tennis player from China.
Cao Yanhua : The eleven World Championship medals included seven gold medals; two in the singles at the 1983 World Table Tennis Championships and 1985 World Table Tennis Championships, three in the team, one in the mixed doubles with Cai Zhenhua and one in the women's doubles with Zhang Deying.
Chang Wen-ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chang Wen-ying : With the help of Taichung mayor Chen Tuan-tang, Chang was elected to the Taiwan Provincial Consultative Council (TPCC) in 1989.
Atifete Jahjaga : The event
Atifete Jahjaga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Atifete Jahjaga : Following a political crisis that engulfed Kosovo with the resignation of President Fatmir Sejdiu and after the Constitutional Court's decision which ruled against the election of Behxhet Pacolli as President of Kosovo, on 6 April 2011, due to her background in public service and highly demonstrated integrity, Atifete was announced as the consensus candidate for the office of President of Kosovo, under support from the Democratic Party of Kosovo, Democratic League of Kosovo and New Kosovo Alliance, and supported by the US Ambassador in Kosovo, Christopher Dell.
Ni Yulan : Ni Yulan ( , born 24 March 1960) is a civil rights lawyer in the People's Republic of China.
Ni Yulan : In April 2012, Ni was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison for “causing a disturbance” and "fraud".
Ni Yulan : She holds a law degree from China University of Political Science and Law, and officially became a lawyer in 1986.
Anna Dementyeva : Anna Yurievna Dementyeva ( ; born 28 December 1994) is a retired Russian artistic gymnast.
Fuma Kikuchi : On September 29, 2011, it was announced that a new five-member group called Sexy Zone would be formed and become a special supporter of "FIVB World Cup Volleyball 2011”.
Lee Young-ah : Lee Young-ah (Korean:  ; 李英雅) is a South Korean actress and model.
Lee Young-ah : On 23 August 2020, Lee's agency announced that Lee had gave birth to her first child, a son.
Naomi Scott : In June 2014, Scott married English footballer Jordan Spence after four years of dating.
Naomi Scott : Scott rose to prominence for her performances in the science fiction drama series "Terra Nova" (2011) and the television film "Lemonade Mouth" (2011).
Naomi Scott : In 2010, she was cast as Mohini "Mo" Banjaree in the 2011 Disney Channel original film "Lemonade Mouth", her first role in an American production.
Brittani Kline : Kline eventually went on to become the winner of that cycle, winning a US$ contract with CoverGirl Cosmetics, a contract with IMG Models, the cover of "Beauty In Vogue" and fashion spreads in "Vogue Italia" and "Beauty In Vogue".
Ann Li : In 2012, she finally began her blog to document her fashion endeavors.
Ann Li : Li became part of the list of Top 100 Philippine Artists of 2011.
Ann Li : On July 24, 2011, Li together with Fretzie Bercede were featured in James Reid and Bret Jackson's original song "Can't Dance" released under Star Records.
Ann Li : Li was featured in the June 2016 issue of "Vogue" Taiwan, where she is hailed as the "It girl" of the season.
Ann Li : She was also a finalist for TeenVogue's Rouge Coco Shine Hydrating Sheer Lipshine video competition for "Chanel".
Ann Li : In 2015, the Grand Hyatt, Singapore, invited Li to show her perspective of 'Living Grand', where she attended the Chinese New Year event wearing a modern QiPao look that she deconstructed.
Ann Li : She also worked for Roberto Cavalli, and Emanual Ungaro as an intern during Paris Fashion Week while on other days she'd be seen on front rows at shows like Elie Saab, Ralph and Russo, and Issey Miyake.
Lydia Wilson : After completing a foundation course at the Chelsea College of Art and Design, she studied English at Queens' College, Cambridge, then trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).
Arta Dade : She graduated from the University of Tirana in English Literature and has worked as a lecturer in the University until 1997, when she started her political career.
Celeste Lyn Paul : Celeste Lyn Paul (born 13 August 1981) is an expert in interface design and usability.
Ji-young Kim : Ji-young Kim (; born July 26, 1978) is a South Korean prima ballerina and is currently a principal dancer with the Korea National Ballet (KNB) in Seoul, South Korea.
Wei Son : According to her official profile, Son was born in Saitama, Japan with Chinese nationality, however she herself has stated on multiple occasions that she was born in Dalian, China and lived there until she was 5 years old before immigrating to Niigata and growing up in Saitama.
Wei Son : Officially released on February 25, 2009, "Sweet Song" hit the top spots of several singles and club charts such as the "Dwango" chart and "Club Atom" chart.
Cath Kidston : Kidston opened her first shop in London's Holland Park in 1993, selling hand-embroidered tea-towels and brightly renovated furniture.
Cath Kidston : Catherine Isabel Audrey Kidston {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 November 1958) is an English fashion designer, businesswoman and author whose company, Cath Kidston Limited sells home furnishings and related goods online, through franchises and by mail order.
Porntip Buranaprasertsuk : Porntip Buranaprasertsuk ( ; born 24 October 1991) is a badminton player from Thailand.
Porntip Buranaprasertsuk : Buranaprasertsuk won her first Superseries title in 2011 India Open on 1 May 2011, becoming the first Thai to win a women's singles title in the Superseries tournament.
Nycole Turmel : In November 2009, Turmel ran in the Gatineau municipal election in the district of Plateau-Manoir-des-Trembles; she lost to opponent Maxime Tremblay by 96 votes out of 4,261.
Ruth Davidson : That is all."
Ruth Davidson : That is all."
Ruth Davidson : Davidson's campaign was endorsed by two MSPs: John Lamont (her campaign manager) and John Scott; the Conservatives' only Scottish MP and Scotland Office Minister David Mundell; party grandees, Sir Albert McQuarrie, former Chairman of the Conservative Party the Marquess of Lothian, former Scottish Office Minister and Scottish party chairman Lord Sanderson, former Secretary of State for Scotland Lord Forsyth, Leader of the House of Lords Lord Strathclyde; and former MSP and Holyrood deputy presiding officer Murray Tosh.
Miu Chu : She was the winner of the third season of the Taiwanese reality television show "Super Idol".
Xu Jiao : Xu Jiao (, born 5 August 1997) is a Chinese actress.
Kanako Omura : She competed at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games for the Japanese team, finishing fifth on both occasions.
Ai Ōtomo : In 2006, she was two months pregnant when she married Tatsuo Yamamoto, a professional beach volleyball player.
Kana Oyama : Toray announced her retirement on 29 June 2010.
Kana Oyama : Kana Oyama (大山 加奈 "Ōyama Kana ", born June 19, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.
Kana Oyama : She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, wearing the #13 jersey.
Sachiko Sugiyama : Sachiko Sugiyama (杉山 祥子,"Sugiyama Sachiko", born October 19, 1979) is a volleyball player from Japan, who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, wearing the number #12 jersey.
Alan Dawa Dolma : On 20 December 2014, Alan held two "Alan Symphony 2014" concerts in Nippon-Seinenkan (日本青年館), Tokyo, Japan.
Alan Dawa Dolma : Her third Chinese album, "Love Song", was released in 2012.
Alan Dawa Dolma : On 3 February 2010, Alan released a double A-side single, "Diamond/Over the Clouds".
Lily Yam : in 2002 and appointed as Non-official Justices of the Peace in 2003.
Lily Yam : She headed the Environment and Food Bureau (which was later merged with the Health and Welfare Bureau to form the Health, Welfare and Food Bureau in 2002) between January 2000 and June 2002, when she retired.
Kwong Siu-hing : In February 2019, she ranked 78th in the Billionaires 2019 list and 5th in the Hong Kong's 50 Richest 2019 list with a net worth of US$15.1 billion.
Margaret Elphinstone : for "The Sea Road"
Margaret Elphinstone : Before becoming professor in Glasgow in 2003, she worked at a variety of jobs in different locations.
Margaret Elphinstone : Margaret Elphinstone was born in Kent, England.
Margaret Elphinstone : She did extensive study tours in Iceland, Greenland, Labrador and the United States.
Priscilla Ahn : Ahn married actor Michael Weston in May 2010.
Priscilla Ahn : Priscilla Ahn (born Priscilla Natalie Hartranft; March 9, 1984) is an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Priscilla Ahn : Ahn's songs have appeared on the television shows "Grey's Anatomy", "Knight Rider", "Make It Or Break It", "Married Single Other", several episodes of the "Ghost Whisperer", and in the films "Disturbia", "Bride Wars", "Love Happens", "My Sister's Keeper", "" and "Moms' Night Out".
Vera Nebolsina : Vera Nebolsina (born 16 December 1989, in Tomsk) is a Russian chess player.
Sister Mayo : Sister MAYO is the younger sister of Taiji Sawada, who was a bassist for X Japan and various other groups.
Joanna Wang : Her debut album, "Start from Here", was released in January 2008 as a double-disc set, one in English and the other in Chinese.
Ma Wen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Polona Hercog : Polona Hercog (] , born 20 January 1991) is a Slovenian professional tennis player.
Sun Shuyun : She was born in China in the 1960s, graduated from Beijing University and won a scholarship to the University of Oxford.
Sun Shuyun : Her books include "Ten Thousand Miles Without a Cloud" (in which she retraces the journey of the 7th-century Chinese monk Xuanzang)", , A Year in Tibet", a book made in conjunction with the BBC documentary "A Year in Tibet".
Yan Junqi : and tech.
Yan Junqi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yan Junqi : The former president of the Republic of China, Yen Chia-kan, was Yan's family uncle, was also from Wuxian, Jiangsu ancestrally.
Yan Junqi : Yan received numerous prizes and honors, including National May 1 Labor Medal, Shanghai science and technology advancement prize 1st class and 2nd class, and sci.
Yan Junqi : Since returning to China, Yan had been teaching and doing research at SJTU and was elevated to become a member of 7-person expert group of the "863 plan".
Yan Junqi : From 1987, she served as chief expert in expert group of "863 plan", and organized five high-tech projects at national level.
Rooney Mara : Mara founded the charity Faces of Kibera, which aimed to provide housing, food, and medical care for orphans in Kibera, a Nairobi, Kenya slum.
Rooney Mara : She attended George Washington University for a year before transferring to New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study, where she studied psychology, international social policy and nonprofits, graduating in 2010.
Rooney Mara : Mara is the great-granddaughter of both New York Giants founder Tim Mara and Pittsburgh Steelers founder Art Rooney, Sr., as well as of Kathleen McNulty Rooney.
Jack Wu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jack Wu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lady Gaga : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Lady Gaga : was released as the third single in March 2014 and peaked at number 76 in the US.
Lady Gaga : In February 2015, Gaga became engaged to Taylor Kinney.
Lady Gaga : In a 2014 interview, Gaga said she had been raped at age 19, for which she later underwent mental and physical therapy.
Lady Gaga : Gaga has called the Indian alternative medicine advocate Deepak Chopra a "true inspiration", and has also quoted Indian leader Osho's book "Creativity" on Twitter.
Hsu Wei-ning : Her father left the family before she was born, leaving her mother to raise Hsu with the assistance of her maternal grandparents and her other family members.
Hsu Wei-ning : Her performance as Doris in the Taiwanese film "Design 7 Love" earned her a Golden Horse Award nomination for Best New Performer.
Jutta Urpilainen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jutta Urpilainen : She was narrowly defeated by her challenger, Antti Rinne, in a 257 to 243 vote.
Jutta Urpilainen : Urpilainen was elected as the chair of the Social Democratic Party in June 2008, succeeding former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance Eero Heinäluoma.
Gu Xiulian : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gu Xiulian : The following year, she was elected Governor of Jiangsu by the Provincial People's Congress, making her the first female provincial governor in the history of the People's Republic of China.
Gu Xiulian : She served as Governor of Jiangsu from 1983 to 1989, Minister of Chemical Industry from 1989 to 1998, Vice Chairwoman of the Standing Committee of the 10th National People's Congress, and Chairwoman of the All-China Women's Federation.
Deng Jie : Deng Jie (, born October 21, 1958) is a television actress and producer in China.
Sun Chunlan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katherine Ng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katherine Ng : Katherine Ng Kit Shuen (伍潔鏇), born in 1974, is the Political Assistant to the Secretary for Financial Services & the Treasury of Hong Kong.
Katherine Ng : She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Law from the University of Cambridge, a Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice from the College of Law in London, and a Master of Arts Degree in Law from the University of Cambridge.
Wong Chin-chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wong Chin-chu : Wong Chin-chu (; born 31 January 1947) is a Taiwanese educator and politician.
Peng Xiaofeng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsiao-Hung Pai : Hsiao-Hung has written for The Guardian, Open Democracy, Red Pepper, Feminist Review, Socialist Review, Chinese Times UK, Chinese Weekly, The Storm (as a columnist), and many other Chinese-language publications worldwide.
Hsiao-Hung Pai : Her book "" was short-listed for the 2009 Orwell Prize and her "Scattered Sand:The Story of China's Rural Migrants" won the Bread and Roses Award in 2013.
Jing Xuezhu : Her personal best jump height is , achieved in May 2004 in Shijiazhuang.
Jing Xuezhu : Jing Xuezhu (born 20 April 1975) is a Chinese high jumper.
Milena Duchková : Milena Duchková (born April 25, 1952 in Prague) is a diver from the Czechoslovakia and Olympic champion.
Rebecca Adlington : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rebecca Adlington : She swam in local swimming leagues for Nottingham Leander Swimming Club, having taken part in the National Speedo 'B' Final in May 2010.
Paula Barila Bolopa : Paula Barila Bolopa (born 12 October 1979), nicknamed 'The Crawler', is a retired Equatoguinean football player and swimmer.
Kim Hyang-mi : Kim Hyang-mi (born 19 September 1979) is a North Korean Olympic table tennis player.
Gita Gutawa : Gutawa was born Aluna Sagita Gutawa – Aluna Sagita meaning "song rhythm" – in Jakarta, Indonesia on 11 August 1993 to Erwin Gutawa, a composer, and Luthfi Andriani.
Huang Zhiquan : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Lotte Friis : Lotte Friis (born 9 February 1988) is a Danish competitive swimmer from Allerød Municipality.
Alison Elizabeth Taylor : Alison Elizabeth Taylor (born 1972, Selma, Alabama) is an American artist based out of New York City.
Chan Yuen-han : Chan Yuen-han, SBS, JP (; born 16 November 1946 in Baoan, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China) is a former member of Hong Kong Legislative Council and a noted Hong Kong female trade unionist.
Sophie Leung : Sophie Leung Lau Yau-fun, OBE, GBS, JP (; born 9 October 1945, Macau) is a resident of the Hong Kong SAR, Mrs. Sophie Leung had been a Member of the Legislative Council of HKSAR from 1996 to 2012, representing the textile and garment industry, and has been a Deputy of the National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China since 2003.
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : In late September 2013 she had a three-hour-long Twitter conversation with a proscribed Swazi organisation, the People's United Democratic Movement.
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : In 2012, Princess Sikhanyiso graduated from the University of Sydney with a master's degree in digital communication.
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : She was featured in a 2007 documentary titled "Without the King" about the monarchy in Eswatini, the disparity between the royals' wealth and the widespread poverty of their subjects, and Eswatini's HIV/AIDS crisis.
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : Sikhanyiso Dlamini was educated in Britain at a mixed private school, St Edmund's College, Ware, in Hertfordshire, where she was in Challoner House.
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : The following year, the Princess criticized the institution of polygamy in Eswatini, saying, "Polygamy brings all advantages in a relationship to men, and this to me is unfair and evil."
Sikhanyiso Dlamini : At the end of the ban in 2005, Princess Sikhanyiso, then seventeen years old, celebrated with a party involving loud music and alcohol at the Queen mother's residence.
Mary Jepkosgei Keitany : Mary Jepkosgei Keitany (born 18 January 1982) is a Kenyan long distance runner.
Mary Jepkosgei Keitany : She also has held the world record at 10 miles (50:05 minutes), 20 kilometres (1:02:36), and 25 kilometres (1:19:53), all of which were set in road races.
Miriam Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miriam Lau : Lau was the acting-chairperson of Legco from 2004 to 2008.
Miriam Lau : Miriam Lau Kin-yee {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (, former married name Miriam Lau Lau Kin-yee; born 27 April 1947) was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Legco), representing the transport industry functional constituency.
Kitty Poon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kitty Poon : There, she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Rutgers University and a master's degree in International Affairs from Columbia University.
Yūko Sano : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yūko Sano : Afterwards Sano was named "Best Digger" and "Best Receiver" at the event.
Yūko Sano : Sano played at the 2013 Club World Championship with Voléro Zürich and she was selected Best Libero.
Oxana Yablonskaya : Oxana Yablonskaya ( ; born December 6, 1938, Moscow) is a Russian pianist who has had an active international performance career since the early 1960s.
Dallas Abbott : from the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University (Marine Geology) in 1978; and her Ph.D. from the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory (Marine Geology with a Geophysics minor) in 1982.
Ann E. Dunwoody : Dunwoody was born in 1953 at Fort Belvoir, Virginia<ref>Patridge, Kenneth J.
Ann E. Dunwoody : In 2005 Dunwoody became the United States Army's top-ranking female when she received the promotion to lieutenant general (three stars) and became the army's Deputy Chief of Staff, G-4 (logistics).
Cass Phang : Cass Phang (Chinese: 彭羚, born 2 February 1969) is a retired Cantopop singer from Hong Kong, affiliated with EMI from 1993–1998 and then with Sony Music Entertainment.
Cass Phang : There was subsequent speculation that she would be returning to the music industry; her manager, Candy Leung, and her husband have both denied this.
Cass Phang : During the same year she won several important awards, including the Commercial Radio Ultimate Song Billboard Award Presentation Ceremony's "Best Female Singer"; the RTHK Top Ten Chinese Gold Songs Award Presentation Ceremony's "Ten Most Outstanding Pop Singers" and "Best Selling Female Artist"; Metro Radio Singer Award's "Best Female Singer Gold Award"; and the TVB Jade Solid Gold Award Presentation Ceremony's "Most Popular Female Singer".
Yumi Sugimoto : Sugimoto began her career in modeling during elementary school, when she was chosen in a Grand-Prix semi-audition for the girls manga magazine "Ribon".
Zara Larsson : 2)") was released as a double-single on 25 June 2013.
Zara Larsson : 1)" and "She's Not Me (Pt.
Zara Larsson : She has experimented with electropop, house, and dance music.
Zara Larsson : On 3 April 2013, Larsson revealed on her blog that she had signed a three-year contract with Epic Records in the United States.
Zara Larsson : In January 2018, Larsson was named to "Forbes"' "30 Under 30 Europe" list in the entertainment category.
Zara Larsson : Larsson is the recipient of numerous awards including four Grammis, four MTV European Music Awards and eight Rockbjörnen.
Zara Larsson : She also tweeted that she is shooting videos for two songs and the new album is coming.
Zara Larsson : On 1 October 2014, Larsson released her debut studio album "1", including the songs "Uncover", "Bad Boys" and "She's Not Me" (Pt.
Zara Larsson : She attributes her openness of opinion on social media and within interviews to her parents, claiming: "Both my parents are very educated when it comes to social issues and being woke about what's going on in the world, and they've been very supportive of me having a voice".
Zara Larsson : On 12 May 2017, Larsson released a music video for "Don't Let Me Be Yours" as the sixth single from "So Good", with "Only You" being released as the seventh single from the album on 11 August 2017.
Zara Larsson : In March 2020, Larsson was featured on Kygo's single, "Like It Is", alongside American rapper Tyga.
Zara Larsson : On 22 October 2016, Larsson was named one of "Time"' s "30 Most Influential Teens of 2016".
Zara Larsson : On 8 November 2019, Larsson's next single, "Invisible", taken from the 2019 movie "Klaus", the first original animated feature film released on Netflix, was released on the same day the film was released.
Zara Larsson : The album became her second number one album in Sweden and peaked in the top ten in Australia, Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway and the United Kingdom.
Nurul Huda Abdullah : She was also the first Malaysian swimmer to win a medal at the Asian Games and remains the only Malaysian female swimmer to have won medals at the Asian Games and Asian Swimming Championships, with a total of 2 silver and 2 bronze medals at the 10th Asian Games 1986 Seoul, and a total of 2 silver and 1 bronze medal at the 3rd Asian Swimming Championship (1988) in Guangzhou.
Hannah Yeoh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hannah Yeoh : Hannah Yeoh Tseow Suan (; born 9 January 1979) is a Malaysian politician who served as the Deputy Minister of Women, Family and Community Development in the Pakatan Harapan (PH) administration under former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad and former Minister Wan Azizah Wan Ismail from July 2018 to the collapse of the PH administration in February 2020.
Hannah Yeoh : Born in Subang Jaya, Yeoh studied at SK Sri Subang Jaya, SRK SS19 and SMK Subang Utama, after which she continued her studies at the University of Tasmania in Australia and obtained her law degree in 2001.
Li Fung-ying : Until 2012, she was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Legco), in the Labour functional constituency.
Li Fung-ying : Li Fung-ying SBS MBE JP () (born 2 December 1950 in Hong Kong) is a trades unionist in Hong Kong.
Li Fung-ying : She is the third vice-chairperson of the Federation of Hong Kong and Kowloon Labour Unions, the third largest trade union in Hong Kong.
Grace Chang : She moved to Hong Kong with her father in 1949 and began her career with Taishan Pictures, where she starred in her debut show, “Seven Sisters” in 1952.
Yi Huan : Yi was born October 19, 1969, in Keelung, Taiwan.
Yi Huan : Yi's comics have also been translated and distributed in Thai, Vietnamese, Hungarian, Korean, and Russian.
Aimee Sun : Sun attended Dominican International School and Taipei American School for elementary school, and studied abroad at the University of Southern California.
Aimee Sun : In June 1999, she married .
Li Aizhen : As of 2018 Li has not been admitted into the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), and is the only non-academician from China who has been elected into the NAS as a foreign associate.
Li Aizhen : Li Aizhen (; born May 1936) is a Chinese scientist at Shanghai Institute of Microsystem and Information Technology (former Shanghai Institute of Metallurgy), affiliated to Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).
Claire Kuo : The daughter of a restaurant owner, Kuo graduated from Shih Hsin University and was a competitive cheerleader.
Claire Kuo : After performing soundtracks for a number of Taiwanese television series, she released her debut album "I Don't Want to Forget You" in 2007, which garnered her numerous awards including Best Newcomer.
Nina Hoss : Nina Hoss (] ( ) ; born 7 July 1975) is a German stage and film actress.
Jiang Yuyuan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jiang Yuyuan : Jiang and her teammate, Deng Linlin, appeared in the official Olympics documentary 筑梦2008 ("Dream Weavers 2008") which followed the gymnasts from 2003 until Jiang's international debut at the 2007 World Championships.
Jiang Yuyuan : Jiang was a member of the silver medal-winning Chinese team at the 2007 World Championships, the bronze medal-winning member at the 2010 World Championships and 2011 World Championships, and the all-around gold medalist at the 2007 Good Luck Beijing Olympic test event.
Jiang Yuyuan : The New York Times claimed that official media and some official Web sites in China, including that of the State General Administration of Sport, listed Chinese gymnasts' details which indicated that Jiang, He Kexin and Yang Yilin may have been as young as 14.
Inbee Park : <templatestyles src="Legend/styles.css" />
Inbee Park : In August, Park became the first woman in 116 years to win an Olympic gold medal in golf, defeating world number 1 Lydia Ko by five strokes.
Huang Qingyi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maki Sakai : She is a graduate of Jumonji Junior College.
Chen Zhili :  at Wikimedia Commons
Chen Zhili :  at Wikimedia Commons
Chen Zhili : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shen Yueyue : !
Shen Yueyue : !
Shen Yueyue : colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #FFBF00;" | Party political offices
Grace Mugabe : After observers from the European Union were barred from examining Zimbabwe's 2002 elections, the EU imposed sanctions on 20 members of the Zimbabwe leadership and then, in July, extended them to include Grace Mugabe and 51 others, banning them from travelling to participating countries and freezing any assets held there.
Yang Yanyin : Beginning in 1983, she served as a standing committee member of the CPC Shandong committee, vice director of the organization department of Shandong, and the chairperson of the Shandong Women's Association.
Kirsten Simone : She was a guest artist with several companies including the American Ballet Theatre and London Festival Ballet.
Kirsten Simone : She studied at the Royal Danish Ballet School with Vera Volkova and joined the Royal Danish Ballet Company in 1952.
Kirsten Simone : She created roles in Flemming Flindt's "The Three Musketeers" (1966), Elsa-Marianne von Rosen's "Don Juan" (1967) and Harald Lander's "Fête polonaise" (1970).
Qin Wangping : Qin represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay together with Wang Jing, Jiang Lan and Tao Yujia.
Noppawan Lertcheewakarn : Noppawan "Nok" Lertcheewakarn ( ; born 18 November 1991) is an inactive Thai tennis player.
Laura Robson : 79.
Laura Robson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Laura Robson : Laura Robson (born 21 January 1994) is a British tennis player.
Claire Foy : Claire Elizabeth Foy (born 16 April 1984) is a British actress.
Ellen DeGeneres : on Air.
Ellen DeGeneres : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ellen DeGeneres : In 2016, she received the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Laura Chiatti : Prizes and awards
Caroline Wensink : Caroline won the Best Blocker award in the 2012 European League, as her team ended in 4th place.
Lü Qin : Lü Qin's major achievements in Xiangqi include the following:
Yevgeniya Kanayeva : 31st World Championship Montpellier, France 2011
Yevgeniya Kanayeva : 29th RG World Championships Mie, Japan 2009
Yevgeniya Kanayeva : In 2009, Kanayeva was awarded the title Merited Master of Sports in Russia.
Yevgeniya Kanayeva : With the opportunity to take part in the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games growing, all of Kanayeva 's routines (hoop, clubs, rope and ribbon) were designed with high difficulties and her music was selected to bring out her uniqueness, one of which was her ribbon routine performed with the special edited piano version of ‘Moscow Nights (Подмосковные вечера)’.
Bushra al-Assad : It is reported that she helped convince her father that jailing her uncle, Rifaat al-Assad, after his failed 1984 coup attempt would disgrace the family.
Bushra al-Assad : She is the widow of Assef Shawkat, the deputy chief of staff of the Syrian Armed Forces and former head of the Syrian Military Intelligence, who was killed in an explosion by Hafiz Al-Asad on 18 July 2012.
Roxanne Seeman : in Oriental Studies, Chinese Arts and Language.
Roxanne Seeman : In 2003, Jermaine Jackson performed "Let's Start Right Now" on "The View".
Roxanne Seeman : "Welcome To The Edge" was a #1 single in Japan, remaining on the Billboard's Japan Top 10 chart for four months, selling 520,000 copies.
Roxanne Seeman : On August 7, 2015, MCA Music Universal Philippines released Jason Dy's self-titled album "Jason Dy" with Seeman's songs "Caught in that Feeling", "Turn Out The Night" and "When You Hear This Song".
Roxanne Seeman : Seeman's songs have been appearing in the Nickelodeon television series "Hollywood Heights" since June 20, 2012.
Roxanne Seeman : Roxanne Seeman and Riccardo Cocciante wrote "When Love Calls Your Name" for The Voice of Italy finalist Elhaida Dani.
Roxanne Seeman : Both tracks are included on Zendee's album "Z", released on August 7, 2015 by MCA Music Universal Philippines.
Roxanne Seeman : October 21, 2014, Earth, Wind & Fire released "Holiday", their first-ever holiday album, including their recording of Seeman's song "Everyday Is Christmas".
Roxanne Seeman : The February 19, 1994, "The Jackson Family Honors" live ABC telecast from Las Vegas at the MGM Grand Hotel featured Seeman, Hughes and Jermaine Jackson's song "If You'd Only Believe" thematically, with a finale performance including Michael Jackson, guest artists Celine Dion and others.
Roxanne Seeman : In 1994, Seeman and Hughes received a second Emmy nomination for Best Original Song for "Dreamlove" in the TV drama "Another World".
Roxanne Seeman : From William Ross' theme for "The Young Black Stallion", Roxanne and Gavin Greenaway developed and produced the song "Born To Ride" sung by Biana Tamimi, the 11-year-old actress from the film, for the DVD release December 2004.
Roxanne Seeman : December 2015, Argentinian tenor Eduardo Bosio, recorded Seeman's lyrics "Part Of Me", adapting Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata" into a new song.
Roxanne Seeman : With Earth, Wind & Fire, Seeman co-wrote "Cruisin'" for Spike Lee's "Get On The Bus".
Roxanne Seeman : "Welcome to the Edge" received an Emmy nomination for Best Original Song in the TV drama "Santa Barbara" in 1991.
Roxanne Seeman : February 2013, Austrian blues-rock singer Saint Lu released "Falling For Your Love", written by Saint Lu, Roxanne Seeman, and Jimmy Messer.
Roxanne Seeman : On September 22, 2016, Kyle Echarri, 13 year old contestant of The Voice Of The Philippines, season 2, released Seeman's song "Our Moment", co-written with Philip Doron Bailey, jr., Jens Hoy, and Rasmus Rudolph Soegaard.
Roxanne Seeman : The nominees for the 73rd annual Tony Awards were announced on April 30, 2019, with 9 nominations for "To Kill A Mockingbird" and 2 nominations for "The Waverly Gallery" including Best Revival of A Play and Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play by Elaine May.
Roxanne Seeman : A collaboration with Eric Levi of ERA and Philip Bailey of Earth, Wind & Fire resulted in "People And Places", the end-title song of the French film "La Vengeance d'Une Blonde".
Roxanne Seeman : On April 28, 2017, Edray Teodoro, contestant of The Voice Kids of The Philippines season 1 (2014), released her first EP, including Seeman's song "What You Doin' Tonight", co-written by Tinashe Sibanda and Melody Hernandez Noel.
Roxanne Seeman : In 2002, Seeman wrote English lyrics for Alejandro Sanz' Quisiera Ser onstage Grammy duet with Destiny's Child, performed in Spanish and English, with Beyonce singing Seeman's English lyrics in the bridge.
Roxanne Seeman : "Jambalaya, The Musical", written and directed by Nancy Gregory, premiered November 30 at The Orpheum Theatre, New Orleans, for a four night run with a three night return run on December 21, 2016 and showcase performances at the Jefferson Performing Arts Center in Metairie, Louisiana.
Xue Chen : Xue Chen (; born 18 February 1989 in Fuzhou, Fujian) is a Chinese female beach volleyball player, measuring in height.
Sofia Jannok : From 23 to 30 May 2010 Jannok performed in various bars and clubs in Shanghai and Beijing, China.
Sofia Jannok : Brita Maret "Sofia" Jannok (born 15 September 1982) is a Swedish Sami artist, singer, songwriter and radio host.
Lin Man-houng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Fuli : Wang Fuli (Chinese: 王馥荔; born 12 November 1949) is a Chinese actress.
Wang Fuli : In 1985, her performance in Sunrise as "Cuixi" won the 9th Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Supporting Actress and 6th Golden Rooster Awards for Best Supporting Actress in 1986.
Ida Vitale : Ida Vitale (born November 2, 1923, in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan writer.
Ida Vitale : She played an important role in the Uruguayan art movement known as the 'Generation of 45': Carlos Maggi, Manuel Flores Mora, Ángel Rama (who also became her second husband), Emir Rodríguez Monegal, Idea Vilariño, Carlos Real de Azúa, Carlos Martínez Moreno, Mario Arregui, Mauricio Muller, José Pedro Díaz, Amanda Berenguer, Tola Invernizzi, Mario Benedetti, Líber Falco, Juan Cunha, Juan Carlos Onetti, among others.
Cate Campbell : Cate Natalie Campbell, (born 20 May 1992) is a Malawian-born Australian competitive swimmer, and a current multiple world record holder, who won two bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics, a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics and a gold and a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Mayumi Narita : Narita is currently vice chair of the Tokyo 2016 Athletes' Commission.
Mayumi Narita : In 2005, she was given the Best Female Athlete award by the International Paralympic Committee, the Best Male Athlete award going to Brazil's Clodoaldo Silva.
Wang Yimei : Wang Yimei (; born 11 January 1988 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese volleyball player.
Zhang Haijie : After three years off the air, Zhang announced on 7 January 2008, that she would return to broadcasting on MediaCorp TV Channel 8, and would assume duties as a news anchor on 15 February 2008, reporting on the "2008 Singapore Government Financial Budget".
Zhang Haijie : Zhang Haijie (; born 28 August 1971) is a Singaporean-based News Anchor contracted under MediaCorp.
Melanie Oudin : 2.
Melanie Oudin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melanie Oudin : Melanie Jennings Oudin (born September 23, 1991) is a retired American tennis player and former world junior No.
Melanie Oudin : In January, she obtained an invitation to play at the Hong Kong Tennis Classic with compatriots Venus Williams and John McEnroe.
Melanie Oudin : In the fourth round, she played another Russian, 13th-seeded Nadia Petrova.
Ann Dowling : She was appointed a CBE in 2002 and promoted to DBE in 2007.
Ann Dowling : Dame Ann Patricia Dowling {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 15 July 1952) is a British mechanical engineer who researches combustion, acoustics and vibration, focusing on efficient, low-emission combustion and reduced road vehicle and aircraft noise.
Kana Hanazawa : ", Suou in "", Nadeko Sengoku in "Bakemonogatari", Angel / Kanade Tachibana in "Angel Beats", and Anri Sonohara in "Durarara!!".
Christine Ng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christine Ng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christine Ng : Christine Ng Wing-mei (; born 24 February 1969) is an actress and singer based on Hong Kong.
Christine Ng : In December 1990, at age 21, Ng married her first husband Yung Kwong Pui (翁江培) who was 30 years older.
Edelweiss Cheung : Edelweiss Cheung (, born 27 October 1985) is a Hong Kong model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Hong Kong 2008.
Edelweiss Cheung : She attended at Hoi Ping Chamber of Commerce Secondary School and also educated in American International School Hong Kong.
Erika Araki : On 10 October 2013, Toray announced her pregnancy.
Erika Araki : In July 2008, she joined Foppapedretti Bergamo.
Erika Araki : Araki began her professional volleyball career with the Toray Arrows from 2003 to 2008.
Mark Sheeran : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mark Sheeran : Mark John Sheeran (born 9 September 1982) is an English former professional football striker who played 32 league games scoring 6 times in three years for Darlington between of 2001 and 2004.
Mercedes Aráoz : At the 2016 general election, Aráoz ran for the Second Vice Presidency along Pedro Pablo Kuczynski and Martin Vizcarra in the Peruvians for Change ticket, being ultimately elected in a tight run-off against Keiko Fujimori's Popular Force ticket.
Rose McGowan : Her parents returned to the United States when she was 10 years old, and settled in Eugene, Oregon.
Rose McGowan : Through her father's art contacts in Italy, she became a child model and appeared in "Vogue Bambini" and various other Italian magazines.
Rose McGowan : McGowan spent her early childhood at the group's communes, often traveling through Europe with her parents.
Rose McGowan : Rósa Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973), known professionally as Rose McGowan, is an American actress and activist.
Carrie Lam : What wrong have I done?
Carrie Lam :  at Wikimedia Commons
Carrie Lam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eva Cheng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rita Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rita Lau : Rita Lau Ng Wai-lan {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 8 May 1953) is a Hong Kong former civil servant.
Rita Lau : She was Deputy Secretary for Information Technology and Broadcasting (1998), Director of Urban Services (1999), Director of Food and Environmental Hygiene (2000), Permanent Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works (Environment and Transport) (July 2002–January 2004) and Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands (Planning and Lands) (May 2004–July 2007), and Permanent Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development (Communications and Technology) (July 2007–July 2008).
Kozue Amano : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Florence Devouard : Co-founder of Wikimedia France in October 2004, she was vice-chair of its board as of 2011 until December 2012.
Florence Devouard : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Florence Devouard : Florence Jacqueline Sylvie Devouard, (; born 10 September 1968) is the former Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation between October 2006 and July 2008.
Florence Devouard : Devouard holds an engineering degree in agronomy from ENSAIA and a DEA in genetics and biotechnologies from .
Laura Cha : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Laura Cha : Laura Cha Shih May-lung, GBM, GBS, JP (; born 5 December 1949) is a Hong Kong businesswoman and politician.
Hwangbo : In 2016, she started a relationship with a Hong Kong resident.
Hwangbo : Hwangbo Hye-jeong ( ; born on 16 August 1980), better known as Hwangbo, is a South Korean singer, rapper, and actress.
Zeti Akhtar Aziz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zeti Akhtar Aziz : Zeti began her career as an economic analyst for the South-East Asia Central Bank Training & Research Center, remaining at that post from 1979 to 1984.
Zeti Akhtar Aziz : On 20 May 2011, Bloomberg columnist William Pesek had picked Zeti, during her post as Bank Negara governor, as one of his top four nominees to head the prestigious International Monetary Fund after the position became vacant following the resignation of Dominique Strauss-Kahn who was arrested in New York, and is presently facing sexual assault charges.
Zeti Akhtar Aziz : She was the 7th Governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, Malaysia's central bank.
Zeti Akhtar Aziz : Zeti Akhtar Aziz was born in Johor Bahru, Johor on 26 August 1947; to father Ungku Aziz, who is of Malay, Circassian and English descent, and mother Sharifah Azah Mohamed Alsagoff, who was of Hadhrami Arab and Malay descent.
Go Ara : Go Ara (; born February 11, 1990) is a South Korean actress and model.
Go Ara : She is best known for starring in the television series "Sharp" (2003), Heading to the Ground (2009), "Reply 1994" (2013), "You're All Surrounded" (2014), "" (2016–17), "Black" (2017), "Ms. Hammurabi" (2018), "Haechi" (2019) and "Do Do Sol Sol La La Sol" (2020).
Miki Oyama : Toray announced that she will become a beach volleyball player.
Arisa Takada : Arisa Takada (高田ありさ "Takada Arisa", born February 17, 1987) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.
Saori Sakoda : Saori Sakoda (迫田さおり "Sakoda Saori", born December 18, 1987) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for Toray Arrows.
Yukari Miyata : Yukari Miyata (宮田由佳里 "Miyata Yukari", born June 27, 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.
Wu Jingyu : Wu Jingyu (; born February 1, 1987) is a female Chinese Taekwondo practitioner who won gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the –49 kg class.
Gu Beibei : Gu Beibei (; born November 25, 1980 in Beijing) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer.
Jiang Tingting : She also competed in the teams event at the 2012 Olympics.
Jiang Tingting : Jiang Tingting (; born 25 September 1986 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer.
Liu Ou : Liu Ou (, born 13 November 1986) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer.
Huang Xuechen : Huang Xuechen (黄雪辰, Huáng Xuěchén, born 25 February 1990) is a Chinese Olympic synchronised swimmer.
Chen Xiexia : She won three golds at the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships.
Kaori Inoue : On the 23 September 2008 Airybees announced her marriage.
Kaori Inoue : Kaori Inoue (井上香織 "Inoue Kaori", born October 21, 1982) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.
Masami Yokoyama : Masami Yokoyama (横山雅美 "Yokoyama Masami", born December 12, 1981) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Igtisadchi Baku.
Teng Fei : Teng Fei (born January 23, 1988 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Stefanía Fernández : Stefanía Fernández Krupij (born 4 September 1990) is a Venezuelan TV host, model and beauty queen who won the Miss Venezuela 2008 and Miss Universe 2009 titles.
Sun Yujun : Sun Yujun (born 30 January 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Sun Yating : Sun Yating (born 24 February 1988 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese professional water polo player, who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Gao Ao : Ao Gao (born 26 July 1990 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Ma Huanhuan : Ma Huanhuan (born 13 January 1990 in Guangxi) is a female Chinese professional water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Sun Huizi : Sun Huizi (born June 11, 1990 in Liaoning) is a Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.
Xu Yunli : Xu played at the 2013 Club World Championship with Guangdong Evergrande winning the bronze medal after defeating Voléro Zürich 3-1.
Ma Yunwen : Ma Yunwen (; born 19 October 1986 in Shanghai) is a Chinese volleyball player.
Masayo Imura : Masayo Imura ( ; born August 16, 1950 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese synchronized swimming instructor known as the "mother of synchro".
Laura Chinchilla : Laura Chinchilla Miranda (] ; born 28 March 1959) is a Costa Rican politician who was President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014.
Liu Lina : Liu Lina (; born 1979-02-20 in Xinjiang) is an Olympic equestrian sportswoman for China.
Zhang Hanlan : Zhang Hanlan (; born July 19, 1979 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese basketball player.
Miao Lijie : Miao Lijie (苗立杰, born June 3, 1981 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 2001 Asian Championship.
Chen Xiaoli : Chen Xiaoli (; born February 20, 1981 or 1982 in Fuxin, Liaoning) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the teams that won gold medals at the 2002 Asian Games, the 2006 Asian Games, and the 2010 Asian Games.
Guo Wenjun : Guo Wenjun (, born June 22, 1984 in Xi'an, Shaanxi) is a female Chinese sport shooter who won three of the four gold medals in women's pistol shooting during the European part of the 2008 ISSF World Cup.
Guo Wenjun : She won gold in the women's 10 metre air pistol at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Leung Hing Kit : Leung Hing Kit (, born 22 October 1989) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Pegasus.
Chan Cham Hei : Chan Cham Hei (, born 17 June 1991 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional football player who plays as a left-back and is currently a free agent.
Johnny Brenner : Johnny Brenner (born 1971) is a retired Irish hurling midfielder who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level.
Carmen Electra : She has also appeared in multiple parody films, such as the "Scary Movie" film series (2000–2006), "Date Movie" (2006), "Epic Movie" (2007), "Meet the Spartans" (2008), and "Disaster Movie" (2008).
Jiang Lan : She has also competed in the 60 metres event indoors: she finished fifth at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games and won the gold medal at the 2010 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships.
Jiang Lan : Jiang represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay together with Wang Jing, Tao Yujia and Qin Wangping.
Jiang Lan : Jiang Lan (; born 27 June 1989 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.
Han Ling : Han has also competed in the 60 metres, having finished fourth at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games and won the silver medal behind compatriot Jiang Lan at the 2010 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships.
Jodie Foster : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jodie Foster : In April 2014, Foster married actress and photographer Alexandra Hedison after a year of dating.
Jodie Foster : Alicia Christian "Jodie" Foster (born November 19, 1962) is an American actress, director, and producer.
Feng Fei : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Zhou Hanming : Zhou Hanming (born 18 October 1980, in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese Sabre fencer, who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Wu Shugen : Wu Shugen (Mongolian: Ündes, born August 26, 1987 in Inner Mongolia) is a female Mongol judoka from China who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics in the Extra lightweight (under 48 kg) event.
Hong Un-jong : Hong Un-jong (; born 9 March 1989) is a North Korean artistic gymnast.
Hong Un-jong : Hong represented North Korea at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she won the gold medal in the women's vault competition.
Cai Li : Cai Li (born August 14, 1987 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Li Xuanxu : At the 2012 Summer Olympics she qualified in second place in the heats with a time of 4:34.28 in the Women's 400 metre individual medley.
Li Xuanxu : Li Xuanxu (; born February 5, 1994 in Zhuzhou, Hunan) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Sun Ye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhou Yafei : Zhou Yafei (; born 1984-01-17 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Li Jiaxing : Li Jiaxing (; born 19 March 1990 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Lee Bo-young : Their second child, a son named Kwak Woo-sung, was born on February 4, 2019.
Ha Sinan : Ha Sinan (born 10 January 1992 in Kunming, Yunnan) is a swimmer from China.
Gao Chang : Gao Chang (born January 29, 1987 in Jinan, Shandong, China) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and who was a part of China's 2008 Olympic Team.
Gao Chang : She was part of the Chinese 4 x 100 m medley relay team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Li Zhesi : Li Zhesi ( or Liz Li; born 7 August 1995 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Anamaria Tămârjan : She was selected alongside Sandra Izbaşa, Steliana Nistor, Andreea Grigore, Andreea Acatrinei and Gabriela Drăgoi to be a member of the Romanian team at the 2008 Olympic Games.
Wang Chunmei : Wang Chunmei (born 10 April 1976) is a retired Chinese long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.
Liu Shixiang : She was absent from a mandatory drug test in 2001 and received a two-year ban.
Wang Qingfen : Her personal best time was 3:58.97 minutes, achieved in October 1997 in Shanghai.
Cher Wang : Due to the ruling of Taiwan's Council of Grand Justices that the Civil Code's prohibition of same-sex marriage is unconstitutional and must be amended by 24 May 2019, on 4 May 2019, Wang & her "Faith, Hope & Love Foundation" along with Democratic Progressive Party legislator Lin Tai-hua drafted a "same-sex union" bill which contains a "fake marriage" clause that would authorize prosecutors or social welfare agencies to request that a court intervene and abrogate a same-sex union if relatives within three degrees of consanguinity of either member of the union believe that it was not for the purpose of two people "living life together".
Hung Shih-ting : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hung Shih-ting : She left home-town to pursue fine art study at National Taiwan Normal University in Taipei and soon followed her MFA from the School of Cinema, University of Southern California in Los Angeles, United States.
Hung Shih-ting : Hung continues working globally as a director and joined Ridley Scott Associates (RSA Films Asia) in 2009.
Zhang Xiuyun : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Zhang Xiuyun : Zhang Xiuyun (; born 25 February 1976) is a female Chinese rower.
Lou Jiahui : Lou Jiahui (; born 26 May 1991) is a Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Jin Ziwei : Jin Ziwei (; born 17 October 1985 in Fengcheng, Dandong, Liaoning) is a female Chinese rower.
Mu Shuangshuang : Mu Shuangshuang (穆爽爽; born July 7, 1984) is a Chinese weightlifter from Shuangliao, Jilin.
Kateřina Emmons : Kateřina Emmons, née Kůrková (] ; born November 17, 1983) is a Czech sport shooter who won three Olympic medals.
Ronda Rousey : Ronda Jean Rousey ( ; born February 1, 1987) is an American former mixed martial artist, judoka and current professional wrestler on hiatus since April 8, 2019.
Cha Yong-hwa : She competed at the 2007 World Championships, and represented North Korea at the 2008 Olympic Games, replacing Hong Su-Jong.
Yuanyuan Tan : Yuan Yuan Tan (; born in Shanghai on February 14, 1976) is a principal dancer with the San Francisco Ballet.
Yuanyuan Tan : Her repertory includes Ashton's Thaïs Pas de Deux, Balanchine's "Symphony in C", Theme and Variations, Concerto Barocco, "Prodigal Son", and "Apollo, Duato's "Without Words", Robbins' "In the Night", "Dances at a Gathering", and "Dybbuk", and Makarova's "Paquita".
Satu Mäkelä-Nummela : Satu Mäkelä-Nummela (born October 26, 1970 in Orimattila, Finland) is a female Finnish sports shooter.
Heike Fischer : Heike Fischer (born 7 September 1982 in Demmin) is a German diver.
Nastassia Novikava : Nastassia Novikava ( ) (born November 16, 1981 in Zhodzina, Byelorussian SSR) is a world championship winning weightlifter from Belarus.
Nastassia Novikava : In 2011, she won the world championship with a total of 237 kg.
Natalia Paderina : Natalia Paderina nee Natalia Akhmertdinova (born November 1, 1975 in Sverdlovsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian sport shooter.
Soraya Haddad : Soraya Haddad (born September 30, 1984) is an Algerian judoka.
Ho Ming-tsan : Ho Ming-tsan (, born 12 May 1983 in Alian, Kaohsiung) is a Taiwanese football (soccer) player who has played for Taiwan Power Company F.C.
Akvilė Stapušaitytė : Akvilė Stapušaitytė (born March 25, 1986) is a Lithuanian badminton player.
Anastasia Pozdniakova : Anastasia Yuryevna Pozdnyakova ( ; born December 11, 1985) is a Russian diver.
Lu Ying-chi : Lu Ying-chi (; born 6 April 1985 in Pingtung County, Taiwan) is a female weightlifter from Taiwan.
Lu Ying-chi : At the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 8th in the 63 kg category with a total of 215 kg.
Meaghan Benfeito : Meaghan Benfeito (born March 2, 1989) is a Canadian diver.
Roseline Filion : Roseline Filion (born July 3, 1987) is a retired Canadian diver.
Briony Cole : Then in 2008, with Melissa Wu she won a silver in the 10 m synchronised platform at the Beijing Olympics.
Tonia Couch : Tonia Couch (born 20 May 1989) is a former British Olympic diver.
Tonia Couch : She participated in the World Championships in Kazan, reaching 8th in the 10 m platform event and 6th in the 10 m synchro event with Sarah Barrow.
Jeanette Ottesen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jeanette Ottesen : Jeanette Ottesen (born 30 December 1987) is a Danish competitive swimmer who participated at the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Ana Maria Popescu : Ana Maria Popescu, formerly known as Ana Maria Brânză (] , born 26 November 1984), is a Romanian épée fencer that is ranked world no.1 according to FIE.
Otryadyn Gündegmaa : Otryadyn Gündegmaa ( ; born 23 May 1978), is a Mongolian sports shooter.
Chen Xiaomin : Chen Xiaomin (; born February 7, 1977 in Heshan, Guangdong) is a female Chinese weightlifter.
Li Ju : Li Ju (; born on January 22, 1976 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a Chinese table tennis player.
Wu Xiaoxuan : Wu Xiaoxuan (Chinese: 吴小旋; Pinyin: Wú Xiǎoxuán; born 26 January 1958 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, where she won the gold medal in the women's standard small-bore rifle 3x20 competition.
Andreea Acatrinei : Andreea Roxana Acatrinei (born April 7, 1992) is a Romanian artistic gymnast.
SoShy : Her early childhood was spent in New York City and Los Angeles.
SoShy : SoShy (born Deborah Sarah Epstein;), is a French singer, songwriter, actress, DJ and model.
Harika Dronavalli : Harika Dronavalli (born 12 January 1991) is an Indian chess grandmaster.
Jiang Wenli : Jiang Wenli (, born 20 June 1969) is a Chinese actress, director, producer, and screenwriter.
Lin Chia-ying : Her personal best throw is 17.48 metres, set at the 2014 Asian Games.
Feng Tianwei : Feng Tianwei was born on 31 August 1986 in Harbin, Heilongjiang, People's Republic of China.
Zuzana Hejnová : Her current personal bests are 14.11 in the 100m achieved at Ostrava on 3 September 2005; 13.77 in the 100 metres hurdles at Stará Boleslav on 13 June 2003; 53.04 in the 400 m at Kladno on 28 June 2008; and 54.90 in the 400 m hurdles recorded at Monaco on 28 July 2009.
Dang Ye-seo : Dang Ye-Seo (Hangul: 당예서, Hanja: 唐汭序; ] ; born April 27, 1981 in Changchun, Jilin, China and originally known as Tang Na 唐娜) is a naturalized South Korean table tennis player.
Anne Osborn Krueger : Anne Osborn Krueger ( ; born February 12, 1934) is an American economist.
Anne Osborn Krueger : Until the appointment of Christine Lagarde in 2011, she was the only female to fill the role of IMF Managing Director.
Annie Leibovitz : Anna-Lou "Annie" Leibovitz ( ; born October 2, 1949) is an American portrait photographer.
Annie Leibovitz : The photograph was subsequently re-created in 2009 by John and Yoko's son Sean Lennon posing with his girlfriend Charlotte Kemp Muhl, with male/female roles reversed (Sean clothed, Kemp naked), and by Henry Bond and Sam Taylor-Wood in their YBA pastiche October 26, 1993.
Annie Leibovitz : Leibovitz photographed the Rolling Stones in San Francisco in 1971 and 1972, and served as the concert-tour photographer for the Rolling Stones' Tour of the Americas '75.
Elvina Kong : Elvina Kong Yan-yin (; born 6 July 1967) is a Hong Kong television actress and presenter currently under contract to TVB.
Andrea Fuentes : Andrea Fuentes Fache (born 7 April 1983 in Valls, Tarragona) is a Spanish retired synchronised swimmer.
Andrea Fuentes : Andrea has competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, where she has won four medals in the women's duet and women's team events.
Martina Zubčić : Martina Zubčić (born June 3, 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China.
María Espinoza : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
María Espinoza : She won the 2007 World Taekwondo Championships in the Middleweight (–72 kg) category defeating Lee In-Jong and also won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in the Heavyweight (+67 kg) category, defeating Brazilian Natália Falavigna in the final.
Elizabeth Wallace : "All My Children"
Elizabeth Wallace : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maiko Kano : Maiko Kano (狩野舞子 "Kano Maiko", born July 15, 1988) is a former Japanese volleyball player.
Starry Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Starry Lee : In the 2012 Legislative Council election, Lee contested in the newly created territory-wide District Council (Second) "super seats".
Starry Lee : After Lee was re-elected in the 2016 Legislative Council election, she succeeded Andrew Leung of the Business and Professionals Alliance for Hong Kong (BPA) to become the chairperson of the Legislative Council House Committee, the second highest office in the legislature.
Starry Lee : Prior to the vote, Chan Kin-por, the nominee of Legislative Council president Andrew Leung, had taken the seat of the presiding member – a position which had been held since October 2019 by pro-democrat Dennis Kwok – with the help of security personnel, and 15 pro-democratic lawmakers had been removed from the meeting room after scuffles had broken out; during Lee's election, three pro-democrats sat outside the room in protest.
Brooke Shields : In a conversation with Rabbi Shmuley Boteach in 2001, Jackson said of Shields:
Brooke Shields : As a child, she lived with her mother on the Upper East Side.
Brooke Shields : Starting in 2013, Shields has been an occasional guest co-host in the 9:00 hour of "Today" on NBC.
Brooke Shields : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Brooke Shields : Her 1987 senior thesis was titled "The Initiation: From Innocence to Experience: The Pre-Adolescent/Adolescent Journey in the Films of Louis Malle, "Pretty Baby" and "Lacombe Lucien"."
Brooke Shields : In the 1990s, Shields promoted physical fitness as an extension of femininity, maintaining that femininity and athletics are compatible.
Brooke Shields : In 2001, Lifetime aired the film "What Makes a Family", starring Shields and Cherry Jones in a true story of a lesbian couple who fought the adoption laws of Florida.
Brooke Shields : She stated in that speech that she first met Jackson when she was 13 years old, and the two instantly became friends.
Brooke Shields : Noting that Shields "got all As and Bs, and obviously paid attention to her school work", it claimed she "got cheated" because Princeton did not require her to take any classical studies, medieval, modern or American history, nor any course in mathematics, philosophy, economics, political science, world literature, or science with laboratory experience.
Brooke Shields : Between April and May 2005, Shields spoke to magazines (such as "Guideposts") and appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to publicize her battle with postpartum depression, an experience that included depression, thoughts of suicide, an inability to respond to her baby's needs and delayed maternal bonding.
Brooke Shields : "The New York Times" columnist Gail Collins wrote that "it was a little peculiar hearing Brooke Shields's weepy testimony about her deep friendship with Jackson given the fact that she told reporters that the last time she saw him was at Elizabeth Taylor's eighth wedding in 1991."
Brooke Shields : From 1981 to 1983, Shields, her mother, photographer Garry Gross, and Playboy Press were involved in litigation in the New York City Courts over the rights to photographs her mother had signed away to Gross (when dealing with models who are minors, a parent or legal guardian must sign such a release form while other agreements are subject to negotiation).
Li Hongxia : Li Hongxia (; born 10 September 1986 in Liaoning Province) is a field hockey player from China.
Zhao Yudiao : Zhao Yudiao (; born May 25, 1989 in Linghai, Jinzhou, Liaoning) is a Chinese female professional field hockey player, who won a silver medal with the national women's hockey team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Kōko Tsurumi : Tsurumi was a member of the 2008 Japanese Olympic Team.
Kōko Tsurumi : In 2012, Koko was part of Japan's Olympic team in London, where she placed seventh in the bars final and eighth with the team.
Jill Biden : B."
Jill Biden : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jill Biden : A "Town and Country" magazine headline declared that "Jill Biden Might Just Be Joe Biden's Greatest Political Asset".
Jill Biden : The former second couple launched the Biden Foundation in February 2017, with the purpose of allowing them to pursue the causes they cared most about, including focuses upon preventing violence against women, his moonshot initiative, and her interests in community colleges and military families.
Jill Biden : She attracted notice during one campaign stop in New Hampshire when she emphasized the electability argument in favor of her husband, saying, "you know, your candidate might be better on, I don't know, health care, than Joe is, but you've got to look at who's going to win this election, and maybe you have to swallow a little bit and say, 'OK, I personally like so-and-so better,' but your bottom line has to be that we have to beat Trump."
Jill Biden : In June 2017, the couple bought a $2.7million, off-the-water vacation home in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, near Cape Henlopen State Park, where they planned to host members of their extended family.
Jill Biden : During the final stretch of the general election, she campaigned in the Delaware Valley region of Pennsylvania, near her home town, emphasizing the importance of the swing state and of women voting, saying, "You will decide, you, the women, will decide the future of this state and this state may determine the entire election."
Natalia Ishchenko : Natalia Sergeyevna Ishchenko ( ) (born 8 April 1986) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming, five-times Olympic champion and nineteen-times world champion.
Svetlana Romashina : Svetlana Alekseyevna Romashina ( ; born 21 September 1989) is a Russian competitor in synchronised swimming, five-times Olympic champion and twenty-one-times world champion.
Kim Nam-sun : Kim Nam-sun (Korean:  ; born May 3, 1981) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Lee Min-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Min-hee : Lee Min-Hee is a South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Laurence Ferrari : She attended the École Française des Attachés de Presse (French School for Press Attachés) in Lyon and graduated from the Sorbonne University with a Master of 'Communication Politique and Sociale'.
Laurence Ferrari : Ferrari was born in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie, the daughter of a former mayor of the city and member of the French National Assembly, Gratien Ferrari, of Italian ancestry from Emilia-Romagna.
Yekaterina Marennikova : Yekaterina Aleksandrovna Marennikova ( ; born 29 April 1982) is a Russian handball player, world champion and olympic medallist playing for HC Kuban Krasnodar and the Russian national team.
Misty Copeland : Misty Danielle Copeland (born September 10, 1982) is an American ballet dancer for American Ballet Theatre (ABT), one of the three leading classical ballet companies in the United States.
Jiao Zhimin : Jiao Zhimin (Chinese:焦志敏; born December 1, 1963) is a Chinese former table tennis player.
Jiao Zhimin : The couple's son, golfer An Byeong-hun, became the youngest champion in United States Amateur Championship history, winning the 2009 event at the age of 17.
Li Huifen : In her 15-year athletic career, she won a total of 37 gold medals, 16 silver and 16 bronze.
Li Huifen : Li Huifen (; born October 14, 1963) is a Chinese table tennis player.
Qiao Yunping : Qiao Yunping (Chinese: 乔云萍; born 13 September 1968) is a Chinese international table tennis player.
Qiao Yunping : Her six World Championship medals included two gold medals; one in the doubles with Liu Wei at the 1993 World Table Tennis Championships and one in the team event at the 1995 World Table Tennis Championships.
Lisa Marie Presley : Her third album, "Storm & Grace", was released on May 15, 2012.
Lisa Marie Presley : On her 25th birthday in 1993, Presley inherited her father's estate, which, thanks largely to the stewardship of her mother, had grown to an estimated $100 million.
Lisa Marie Presley : In November 1975, her father named one of his private aircraft, a converted Convair 880 jet (original passenger capacity: 100), after her.
Lucy Hale : Karen Lucille Hale (born June 14, 1989) is an American actress, singer, and television personality, who first became known for her roles as Becca Sommers in the series "Bionic Woman" (2007) and Rose Baker in the series "Privileged" (2008–2009).
Li Qiangbing : Li Qiangbing (born 30 April 1985) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Austria.
Shen Yanfei : Shen Yanfei (; born December 24, 1979 in Hebei, China) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Spain and resides in Cartagena, Murcia.
Xian Yi Fang : Xian Yi Fang (born 20 August 1977) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who has represented France since 2005.
Wu Jiaduo : Wu Jiaduo (; born 19 September 1977 in Linhai, Zhejiang) is a Chinese-born German table tennis player.
Viktoria Pavlovich : Viktoria Pavlovich ( ; Łacinka: Viktoryja Uładzimiraŭna Paŭłovič; born 8 May 1978) is a Belarusian table tennis player who plays for Turkish powerhouse Fenerbahçe SK.
Gabriella Szabó : Gabriella Szabó (born 14 August 1986) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.
Gabriella Szabó : Szabó also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-2 500 m: 2009, 2010; K-2 1000 m: 2010; K-4 500 m: 2011) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 2007).
Danuta Kozák : Danuta Kozák (] ; born 11 January 1987) is a Hungarian sprint canoer.
Danuta Kozák : Kozák has also won eighteen medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with fourteen golds (K-1 500 m: 2013, 2014, 2018; K-2 200 m: 2011; K-2 500 m: 2009, 2010, 2015, 2018; K-4 500 m: 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2018 and K-1 200 m relay: 2013), two silvers (K-1 500 m: 2011 and K-4 500 m: 2015) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m: 2019, K-2 1000 m: 2007).
Wan Kin Yee : Wan Kin Yee (; born July 20, 1975) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Hong Kong.
Thaísa Menezes : Playing with Sollys Nestlé Osasco, Menezes won the gold medal and the Best Spiker award in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship held in Doha, Qatar.
Thaísa Menezes : She won back-to-back gold medals at the Olympics in 2008 and 2012.
Ruddy Zang Milama : Perennes Paulette Ruddy Zang-Milama (born June 6, 1987 in Port-Gentil) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Gabon.
Tarra White : Tarra White (born Martina Mrakviová, 19 November 1987 ) is a Czech pornographic actress.
Tarra White : By age thirteen, she aspired to be a porn star and practiced posing with her mother's high heel shoes; her mother caught her practicing and was unhappy when she learned about her daughter's ambitions.
Guo Jingjing : Guo won two more gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
Guo Jingjing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Guo Jingjing : The couple married in Hong Kong on November 8, 2012.
Wang Huifeng : Huifeng Wang has taught at Red Rock Fencing Center in Las Vegas, NV and Moe Wen Fencing Club in Somerville, MA and she currently coaches at the Gold Fencing Club in Waltham, MA (formerly known as Huifeng Wang Fencing Club) which she founded in 2013.
Carly Gullickson : She won the 2009 U.S. Open mixed doubles event, partnering with Travis Parrott.
Carly Gullickson : Carly Gullickson (born November 26, 1986) is an American former professional tennis player.
Masami Taniguchi : Masami Taniguchi (谷口雅美 "Taniguchi Masami", born September 17, 1976) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.
Nana Iwasaka : Nana Iwasaka (岩坂名奈 "Iwasaka Nana", born July 3, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.
Claudia Mo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Claudia Mo : Claudia Mo (born Mo Man-ching on 18 January 1957), also known as Claudia Bowring, is a Hong Kong journalist and politician, a member of the pan-democracy camp.
Claudia Mo : After graduating in 1975, she went to Toronto for pre-university qualifications and in 1979 she obtained a Bachelor's degree in journalism with English studies from Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada.
Dorji Wangmo : She is the author of “Of Rainbows and Clouds” a story of "Dasho Yab" Ugyen Dorji (the Queen’s Father), which is not only a gripping family saga, but an illuminating window on Bhutanese culture, society and history.
Wang Bingqian : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jeanine Cicognini : Jeanine Cicognini (born 14 November 1986 in Brig, Valais) is a Swiss badminton player who now represents Italy.
Yuka Kashino : Kashino's regular page "Kokontozai: KASHIYUKA’s Shop of Japanese Arts and Crafts” on monthly magazine “Casa BRUTUS” started on the issue (No.217) hitting the stands on 9 March (Fri), 2018.
Kotoe Inoue : Kotoe Inoue (井上琴絵 "Inoue Kotoe", born February 15, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.
Ruby Rose : In 2019, Rose underwent emergency back surgery for a spine issue that led to two herniated discs caused by doing physical stunts on the set of "Batwoman".
Priscilla Leung : Leung is a social conservative, opposed to same-sex marriage and equal rights for same-sex couples.
Cong Xuedi : After retirement once again, Cong became the head coach of Shanghai Women's Basketball Team in 1995.
Kwon Yang-sook : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kwon Yang-sook : According to Roh's website, Kwon borrowed $1 million from Park Yeon-Cha, CEO of Taekwang Industry, to repay a personal debt.
Grace Meng : degree from the University of Michigan and a Juris Doctor from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University.
Juliette Ah-Wan : Juliette Chantal Ah-Wan (born 29 April 1981) is a badminton player from Seychelles.
Freida Pinto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Freida Pinto : In February 2016, Pinto announced that she would be a part of a nonprofit organisation called "We Do It Together", which provides financing for feature films, documentaries, and television shows that focus on women's empowerment.
Freida Pinto : Although the Indian media has credited Pinto with breaking the stereotypical image of an Indian woman in foreign films, she has been a lesser-known figure in Indian cinema and has rarely been featured in prominent productions in India.
Freida Pinto : Two years later, a controversy arose when she appeared in an advert promoting a L'Oréal product; it showed Pinto in what was perceived to be a lighter skin tone due to make-up or editing.
Freida Pinto : In January 2021, it was announced that Pinto was to play the lead in a biopic of the SOE agent Noor Inayat Khan, based on the book "Spy Princess: The Life of Noor Inayat Khan" by Shrabani Basu.
Freida Pinto : Freida Selena Pinto (born 18 October 1984) is an Indian actress who has appeared mainly in American and British films.
Freida Pinto : Her mother Sylvia Pinto was the principal of St. John's Universal School in Goregaon, Mumbai, and her father Frederick Pinto was a senior branch manager for the Bank of Baroda.
Ai Inden : Ai Inden (位田 愛 "Inden Ai", born 3 April 1987) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.
Dayana Mendoza : Mendoza was once kidnapped in Venezuela, and stated that its psychological trauma taught her to remain poised under pressure.
Dayana Mendoza : She has worked with the companies Max Mara and Costume National, where she modeled in New York City, Italy, Germany, France, Greece, and Spain for Versace, Roberto Cavalli and other fashion designers over eight years.
Dayana Mendoza : Dayana Sabrina Mendoza Moncada (born 1 June 1986) is a Venezuelan actress, model, film producer and director.
Taliana Vargas : She speaks fluent Spanish, English, and Italian, as well as some Greek and Arabic.
Taliana Vargas : Vargas is a student of Journalism at the Northern Virginia Community College in Alexandria, Virginia.
Taliana Vargas : During the pageant, Vargas was a top 10 finalist in the Best National Costume competition and in the Best In Bikini event (which had no bearings on the selection of the top 15 semi-finalists), Vargas was awarded 2nd place while Miss Mexico, Elisa Nájera, took first place.
Zaho : In 2008, she released her debut album titled Dima, meaning "Always" in Arabic.
Lene Marlin : In 2006, she performed with Swiss band, Lovebugs on their single "Avalon", which made the Top 10 in the Swiss chart as well as topping the Swiss National Airplay Chart.
Lene Marlin : Lene Marlin has written songs for other artists, including Rihanna's "Good Girl Gone Bad" and "Whole New Beginning" and "Picking Up The Pieces" for Elin Gaustad.
Lene Marlin : Marlin has won four awards: Best Pop Solo Artist, Best Single ("Sitting Down Here"), Best Newcomer and the 1999 Artist Of The Year at the Spellemannprisen, the Norwegian equivalent to the Grammy awards, as well as the MTV Europe award for Best Nordic Act, presented in Dublin, Ireland in November 1999.
Lene Marlin : In 2011, she worked with Gary Louris, Autumn Rowe, Mads Langer, and Tobias Stenkjaer.
Vera Lynn : Dame Vera Margaret Lynn {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Welch ; 20 March 191718 June 2020) was an English singer, songwriter and entertainer whose musical recordings and performances were very popular during the Second World War.
Vera Lynn : The songs most associated with her are "We'll Meet Again", "(There'll Be Bluebirds Over) The White Cliffs of Dover", "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square" and "There'll Always Be an England".
Alice Wong : Alice Wong Chan Siu-ping {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (; "née " Chan, born June 30, 1948) is a Canadian politician and a member of the Conservative Party who has served as the member of Parliament (MP) for the electoral district of Richmond Centre since 2015.
Naomi Campbell : Campbell was 7 in 1978, when she made her first public appearance in the music video for Bob Marley's "Is This Love".
Christina Applegate : Her parents separated shortly after her birth.
Christina Applegate : After her parents' divorce, her mother had a relationship with musician Stephen Stills.
Christina Applegate : Her mother, Nancy Priddy, is a breast cancer survivor.
Christina Applegate : Christina Applegate (born November 25, 1971) is an American actress, dancer and producer.
Asami Mizukawa : She made her debut in 1997 at age of thirteen in an advertisement for Asahi Kasei's "Hebel Haus".
Asami Mizukawa : In 2000, she won the "Grand Prix" at the “3rd Miss Tokyo Walker” competition (the first winner was Chiaki Kuriyama) and gained the supporting role in the 2002 J-horror film "Dark Water".
Kim Petras : In 2006, Petras, then aged 13, appeared on a German television current affairs show in which she discussed her medical gender transition.
Nana Tanimura : In 2007, her first singles, "Again" and "Say Good-Bye" were released under Avex Group's Sonic Groove label.
Chi Shu-ju : Chi Shu-ju (; born 27 November 1982) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner and Olympic medalist.
Chi Shu-ju : She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a bronze medal in the 49 kg class.
Yin Lichuan : A graduate of Peking University and ESEC (école supérieure d'études cinématographiques) in Paris, Yin made her name writing novels and poetry, including "A Little More Comfort" and "Fucker".
Gong Hyo-jin : Though not a typical beauty, after the success of "Pasta", Gong was given the label "Gongvely" by the press, a portmanteau of her surname and the English word "lovely."
Gong Hyo-jin : She then reunited with "Love Fiction" co-star Ha Jung-woo in "577 Project", a documentary that follows a group of actors walking 577 kilometers (358 miles) across the nation.
Vera Krasova : Vera Krasova (Russian: Вера Красова, born December 11, 1987 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian model and beauty queen.
Wang Yihan : Wang Yihan (born 18 January 1988) is a retired Chinese professional badminton player and former women's singles world champion and Olympic silver medalist.
Yuan Quan : In 2007, Yuan released her first album, "The Lonely Flower".
Yuan Quan : Their daughter was born on 31 March 2010.
Yuan Quan : Yuan Quan (, born 16 October 1977), also known as Yolanda Yuan, is a Chinese actress and singer.
Brea Grant : Brea Colleen Grant (born October 16, 1981) is an American actress, writer, and director.
Lee Hyun-min : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Hyun-min : Lee Hyun-Min (born July 9, 1984) is a South Korean football player.
Huang Min-hui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Min-hui : Huang received her bachelor's degree in Chinese literature from National Taiwan Normal University and her master's degree in business administration from National Chiayi University.
Rina Aizawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emilie Ullerup : In 2008, she was found to have a benign but aggressive tumor wrapped around her spinal nerves.
Paige Chua : Chua studied at Mayflower Secondary School, Serangoon Junior College and graduated from the National University of Singapore Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences with a Bachelor of Arts.
Ha Jung-eun : Ha Jung-eun (Hangul: 하정은; born 26 April 1987) is a women's and mixed doubles badminton player from South Korea.
Ha Jung-eun : At the same year, she won the bronze medal at the World Championships in the mixed doubles event.
Ha Jung-eun : At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Ha and her partner Kim Min-jung, along with Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na of South Korea, Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang of China, and Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii of Indonesia were disqualified from the competition for "not using one's best efforts to win a match" and "conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport" following matches the previous evening during which they were accused of trying to lose in order to manipulate the draw.
Megyn Kelly : She obtained an undergraduate degree in political science from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1992 and earned a J.D.
Megyn Kelly : In fall 1996, she co-wrote an article for the American Bar Association's journal, "Litigation", "The Conflicting Roles of Lawyer as Director".
Megyn Kelly : Kelly was born in Champaign, Illinois, to Edward Kelly (1940–1985), who taught at the State University of New York at Albany, and Linda ("née" DeMaio), a homemaker.
Megyn Kelly : In December 2013, Kelly commented on a "Slate" on "The Kelly File:" "For all you kids watching at home, Santa just is white, but this person is just arguing that maybe we should also have a black Santa," adding, "But Santa is what he is, and just so you know, we're just debating this because someone wrote about it."
Yasuko Matsuyuki : Yasuko Matsuyuki was born in 1972 in Tosu, Saga.
Yasuko Matsuyuki : One is , who is also an actor, and the other is Yo Matsuyuki who is a rock singer.
Yasuko Matsuyuki : She had a baby boy in 2001, but got divorced in 2005.
Françoise Barré-Sinoussi : She has also been implicated at an international level, notably as a consultant to the WHO and the UNAIDS-HIV.
Françoise Barré-Sinoussi : Barré-Sinoussi shared the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Luc Montagnier for their co-discovery of HIV, and with Harald zur Hausen, who discovered the viral cause of cervical cancer that led to the development.
Monika Soćko : In 2008, she was awarded the title of Grandmaster (GM) by FIDE, becoming the first and, to date, only Polish female player to achieve this.
Beth Ditto : Ditto, who is openly lesbian, is well known for her outspoken support of both lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT), and feminist causes.
Beth Ditto : Mary Beth Patterson (born February 19, 1981), known by her stage name Beth Ditto, is an American singer-songwriter and actress most notable for her work with the indie rock band Gossip.
Lexi Belle : Lexi Belle is an American pornographic actress.
Lexi Belle : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lexi Belle : In 2011, Belle was named by CNBC as one of the 12 most popular stars in porn.
Carmen Montón : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Carmen Montón : In her short term as Health Minister, she managed to restore the right to universal health care for all Spanish citizens and foreign residents in Spain (the previous government had excluded access to the Spanish National Health System for irregular migrants).
Carmen Montón : She has also spoken in favour of efforts to reduce domestic violence, including the creation of a telephone line to help males of a violent disposition, and for new laws to allow pregnant deputies to cast votes from outside the Spanish Congress.
Carmen Montón : She resigned from the council in 2004 when she was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia, being re-elected in 2008.
Carmen Montón : She was chosen by Pedro Sánchez, new Spanish Prime Minister, following the motion of censure that the PSOE presented against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was approved by the Congress of Deputies on 1 June 2018, appointed her as Minister in new Spanish government.
Irina Kulikova : Irina Kulikova ( ) is a Russian fashion model.
Irina Kulikova : She has opened shows for Dior, Donna Karan, BCBG Max Azria, Marc Jacobs, John Galliano, and Sonia Rykiel, and closed shows for Peter Som, Alberta Ferretti, Proenza Schouler, Donna Karan, Moschino, Dries Van Noten, John Galliano, Sonia Rykiel, Viktor & Rolf, and Vera Wang.
Elizabeth Gillies : In July 2012, it was reported that Gillies was working on an alternative rock album.
Elizabeth Gillies : On December 10, 2013, Gillies recorded a duet of "Santa Baby" with Ariana Grande for the latter's "Christmas Kisses" EP.
Elizabeth Gillies : During her time on "Victorious", Gillies was featured in several songs on the soundtracks "Victorious" and "," including "Give It Up" (duet with Ariana Grande), and "Take a Hint" (duet with Victoria Justice).
Stevan Bates : Born in Belgrade, Bates has played in Yugoslavia/Serbia for Železničar Beograd, Železnik and Rad Beograd, in Russia for Alania Vladikavkaz, in France for LB Châteauroux, and in Azerbaijan for FK Baku.
Ksenia Afanasyeva : Ksenia Dmitrievna Afanasyeva ( ; born 13 September 1991) is a retired Russian artistic gymnast who competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Whitney Cummings : In 2008, she was named one of 12 Rising Stars of Comedy by "Entertainment Weekly".
Kelly Reichardt : Kelly Reichardt ( ; born March 3, 1964) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Hélène Vincent : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alexis Texas : She is of Puerto Rican, Norwegian, and German descent.
Alexis Texas : Alexis Texas (born May 25, 1985) is an American pornographic actress.
Alexis Texas : Texas's first scene was with Jack Venice in Shane's World's "College Amateur Tour in Texas", filmed in October 2006, followed by several scenes for Bang Bros in Florida.
Hwang Jung-eum : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hwang Jung-eum : Hwang Jung-eum (born January 25, 1985) is a South Korean actress and a former member of Kpop group "Sugar."
Won Jeong-hwa : Won attempted suicide in prison on December 23, 2008.
Won Jeong-hwa : Won Jeong-hwa (born 1974) is a North Korean who was accused by South Korea of spying for the North and was sentenced to 5 years in prison in a court in Suwon on October 15, 2008.
Zhang Yuehong : Zhang Yuehong (; born November 9, 1975 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a volleyball player from Liaoning, China.
Frances Arnold : Arnold was herself diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 and underwent treatment for 18 months.
Frances Arnold : Arnold's work has been recognized by many awards, including the 2018 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, the 2011 National Academy of Engineering (NAE) Draper Prize (the first woman to receive it), and a 2011 National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
Frances Arnold : Frances Hamilton Arnold (born July 25, 1956) is an American chemical engineer and Nobel Laureate.
Kanako Murakami : Following her win at the 2010 World Junior Championships, Murakami has taken part in many local events including the first pitch ceremony of Chunichi Dragons, a professional baseball team based in Nagoya.
Kanako Murakami : Murakami is sponsored by Adidas Japan, All Nippon Airways (ANA), Nichirei, Brother Industries, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., and Nippon Menard Cosmetic Co., Ltd, in addition to several local companies.
Susie Au : In 2015, her new film project "Crazy Girls Dancing Club" (working title) was selected by Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg and invited as a resident artist in Berlin.
Susie Au : commercials, music videos, feature films, documentaries and multi-installations.
Susie Au : In 2011, Susie was invited by mainstream director Jeff Lau (劉鎮偉) to be the Music Director for East Meets West 2011 (東成西說 2011).
Susie Au : Other artists who have collaborated with Susie on more than one occasion include best album selling pop singers; Jacky Cheung (張學友), Eason Chan (陳奕迅), Andy Lau (劉德華), Joey Yung (容祖兒), Jeff Chang (張信哲), Miriam Yeung (楊千嬅), Grasshopper (草蜢), Mavis Fan (范曉萱), F4, Ellen Loo (盧凱彤), Tam Wai Wai (譚維維), Shirley Kwan (關淑怡), Ivana Wong (王苑之), Kary Ng (吳雨霏) and more.
Chen Ying-git : Chen Ying-git () is a female singer of Taiwanese Hakka heritage.
Sonia Chang-Díaz : In 2006, incumbent state senator Dianne Wilkerson failed to submit nomination papers with enough signatures for certification on the Democratic primary election, requiring her to run a write-in campaign for the party's nomination.
Sonia Chang-Díaz : Chang-Díaz has both Costa Rican and Chinese heritage through her father Franklin Chang Díaz, a Costa Rican American physicist and former NASA astronaut.
Kearen Pang : Kearen was elected by CNNgo.com as one of "The Hong Kong Hot List: 20 People to Watch”, her drama play and script was described as “full of subtle drama and stealthy sentimentality that creeps into audiences hearts”.
Kearen Pang : In 2011, Kearen was elected by RTHK and Hong Kong Federation of Drama Societies as "The Most Impressive Actress" in HK theatre in past 20 years.
Frances Yung : Frances Yung Ming Fong (born 1972 with family roots in Wuxi, Jiangsu) was the director of Group Finance Department of CITIC Pacific.
Frances Yung : In October 2008, Yung and other two senior executives were involved in an unauthorized foreign exchange deals in CITIC Pacific, which caused a HK$15.5 billion loss in the company.
Candice Yu : In 1983, Yu married Chow Yun-fat, a notable Hong Kong actor, but the marriage only lasted nine months.
Candice Yu : Candice Yu (Yu On On; born Yu De Ying; 22 October 1959) is a Hong Kong film actress and occasional singer best known for her films with Shaw Brothers Studio of the 1970s and 1980s.
Rima Fakih : Regarding her identity, Fakih stated "I'd like to say I'm American first, and I am an Arab-American, I am Lebanese-American, and I am Muslim-American."
Rima Fakih : Fakih first began competing in pageantry at age 19, when she placed as the fourth runner-up at Miss Wayne County, a qualifying pageant for Miss Michigan within the Miss America system.
Rima Fakih : In response to criticism from some within the Muslim community, Fakih stated that while she and her family identify as Muslims and respect the religion, they are not as strict as others and do not define themselves by their religion, adding that they view themselves as more "spiritual" than "religious."
Rima Fakih : The Miss Universe competition was later held on August 23, 2010 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas.
Poliana Okimoto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meiluawati : Meluawati (later Meiluawati; born May 25, 1975) is an Indonesian born former world-class badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the United States.
Lenka : Lenka Kripac (born 19 March 1978) is an Australian singer and actress best known for her song "The Show", from her debut album, "Lenka".
Lenka : The daughter of Czech-born jazz trumpet musician, Jiří Křipač and Australian schoolteacher, Eden, Lenka was raised in the Australian coastal town of Bega until age seven, when her family moved to Sydney, where she received her schooling, acting and music training, and started to work as a highly regarded theatre actress and later musician.
Leslie T. Chang : According to Chang's website, translations are forthcoming in French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Finnish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Arabic.
Leslie T. Chang : "Factory Girls" was named one of the "New York Times" 100 Notable Books of 2008 and also received the 2009 PEN USA Literary Award for Research Nonfiction and the Asian American Literary Award for nonfiction.
Leslie T. Chang : Leslie T. Chang () is a Chinese-American journalist and the author of "Factory Girls: From Village to City in a Changing China" (2008).
The Botticellis : The Botticellis' sound has been described as "chamber pop" and likened to the California surf music of the 1960s as well as post-Beatles pop groups like Big Star, Chris Bell, Raspberries, ELO, George Harrison, Belle & Sebastian, Paul Simon and similar artists who are known to bring sophistication to pop composition.
Eva Aariak : In January 2021, Aariak was named the new Commissioner of Nunavut.
Eva Aariak : On September 5, 2013, Aariak announced that while she would seek re-election as an MLA for the new electoral district of Iqaluit-Tasiluk in the 2013 election, she was not interested in second term as premier when the new Legislative Assembly took office.
Eva Aariak : She subsequently expressed her disappointment with that fact, suggesting that improved daycare services in Nunavut might be needed to help women participate more actively in the political process and that the territory should revisit the failed proposal to have a smaller number of electoral districts, each of which would choose one man and one woman as MLAs.
Eva Aariak : In her capacity as Languages Commissioner, she was asked to choose an Inuktitut language word for the Internet; she settled on "ikiaqqivik" (] ), which literally means "travelling through layers" and refers to the traditional Inuit concept of a shaman travelling through time and space to find answers to spiritual and material questions.
Eva Aariak : Eva Qamaniq Aariak {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( , ] ; born January 10, 1955) is a Canadian Inuk politician, who was elected in the 2008 territorial election to represent the electoral district of Iqaluit East in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut.
Eva Aariak : She was the fifth woman, after Rita Johnston, Nellie Cournoyea, Catherine Callbeck and Pat Duncan, to hold a premiership in Canada, and the sixth female First Minister in the country including former Prime Minister Kim Campbell.
Margot Robbie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margot Robbie : Robbie met British assistant director Tom Ackerley on the set of "Suite Française" in 2014, and in December 2016 they married in a private ceremony in Byron Bay, New South Wales.
Nawaf Al-Khaldi : Nawaf Khaled Al Khaldi ( ) (born 25 May 1981) is a retired Kuwaiti footballer who last played for Al-Qadsia.
Elena Satine : Satine and Tyson Ritter, lead singer and bassist of the band The All-American Rejects became engaged in April 2013 and married on December 31, 2013.
Elena Satine : Elena Marié Satine (born November 24, 1987) is a Georgian-American actress and singer.
Natalia Pogonina : Natalia Andreevna Pogonina ( ; born 9 March 1985) is a Russian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM).
Natalia Pogonina : Pogonina was a member of the gold medal-winning Russian team at the Women's Chess Olympiads of 2012 and 2014, and at the 2011 Women's European Team Chess Championship.
Vanessa Shih : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kuo Yao-chi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wallis Pang : Wallis Pang (born 26 August 1973) was once an actress with Television Broadcasts Limited, who first came into fame in "File of Justice".
Princess Rym al-Ali : She had developed her portfolio working for the BBC, Dubai TV, Bloomberg TV, Radio Monte-Carlo Moyen-Orient and United Press International-UPI.
Princess Rym al-Ali : Princess Rym al-Ali (born 1969) is the Algerian wife of Prince Ali bin Hussein of Jordan, whom she married on September 7, 2004.
Zelin Resiana : Resiana married former Indonesian men's singles badminton player, Joko Suprianto in 1999, and the two have twins on 24 March 2003.
Marie-Antoinette Rose : Marie-Antoinette Rose is a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles.
Marie-Antoinette Rose : A journalist by profession, she is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front, and was first elected to the Assembly in 2006 on a proportional basis; she was reelected in 2007.
Yoshiaki Fujita : "Updated to 19 February 2019".
Yoshiaki Fujita : After ten seasons playing for Jubilo Iwata, Fujita retired in December 2020.
Asa Higuchi : It was noted for the unique relationships shared by its characters and was subsequently published in the August issue of the magazine, thus marking her debut as a manga artist.
Asa Higuchi : It won the 10th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for best creative work in 2006, and the 31st Kodansha Manga Award for general manga in 2007.
Shinichi Terada : "Updated to 23 February 2018".
Takumi Shimohira : "Updated to 2 December 2018".
Takuya Takei : "Updated to 23 February 2017".
Jim Witherspoon : James Witherspoon (born October 3, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Ohio State Buckeyes in the collegiate level, and played 2 games for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Alison Bailey : She is coauthor of the new IPT assessment of English language development at the prekindergarten-kindergarten level, editor and contributing author to "The Language Demands of School: Putting Academic English to the Test" (Yale University Press, 2007), and coeditor and author (with Allyssa McCabe and Gigliana Melzi) of "Spanish-Language Narration and Literacy Development" (Cambridge University Press).
Aubrey Plaza : Plaza was born in Wilmington, Delaware, to Bernadette, an attorney, and David Plaza, a financial advisor.
Naoki Hatta : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ryohei Yamazaki : After an eight-seasons spell with Jubilo Iwata, Yamazaki decided to sign with Albirex Niigata.
Ryohei Yamazaki : On 23 September 2010, Yamazaki was selected for the Japan Under 21 squad for the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou, China PR.
Aya Terakawa : She is married to former swimmer Daisuke Hosokawa.
Rebecca Ferguson : Ferguson attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm and graduated in 1999.
Rebecca Ferguson : From the age of 13, she worked as a model and appeared in magazines and on television commercials for cosmetic, apparel, and jewellery advertisements.
Rebecca Ferguson : In January 2019, she announced that she and Rory had recently married.
Rebecca Ferguson : In 2007, Ferguson gave birth to a son with her boyfriend Ludwig Hallberg.
Rebecca Ferguson : Her mother, Rosemary Ferguson, is British, and moved from Britain to Sweden at the age of 25.
Rebecca Ferguson : After her soap opera success and the birth of her son, she moved with her boyfriend to Simrishamn, on the Swedish southeast coast.
Rebecca Ferguson : In August 2012, it was announced Ferguson had been cast to play Elizabeth Woodville in the ten-part BBC historical television drama "The White Queen" (2013), based on Philippa Gregory's "The Cousins' War" novels about the women of the Wars of the Roses.
Zee Avi : On 26 November 2016, Zee Avi won her first major international award with Best Original Film Song at the 53rd Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards for "Arena Cahaya", the theme song she co-wrote and performed for one of Malaysia's highest grossing films of all time, "Ola Bola."
Prudence Liew : Prudence Liew Mei-Gwan (born 10 December 1964) is a Hong Kong pop singer and actress.
Prudence Liew : In 2013, Liew signed with Hong Kong Television Network, a new television station in Hong Kong, and filmed the drama series, "To Be or Not to Be", formerly titled "Hakka Women", in which she spoke her native Hakka dialect.
Analeigh Tipton : She attended Marymount College, Palos Verdes.
Analeigh Tipton : Tipton and her pair partner, Phillip Cooke, twice became regional champions, and competed twice at the U.S.
Analeigh Tipton : When she was 8 years old, her family relocated to Sacramento, California and she went to school in Placerville, California.
Analeigh Tipton : She retired from competitive skating at 16 but continued to skate in charity ice shows for AIDS foundations and to rebuild a rink damaged in a fire.
Lijia Zhang : In 2003, she was able to attend Goldsmiths, University of London, where she earned a master's degree in creative writing.
Lijia Zhang : Zhang was married to Calum MacLeod, a British reporter for "USA Today".
Lijia Zhang : During the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, she served as a producer for the BBC crew reporting the games.
Lijia Zhang : She co-authored "China Remembers" (OUP, 1999) and her memoir ""Socialism Is Great!
Yuko Nakanishi : She attended Osaka Seikei Girls' High School.
Kyoko Okazaki : Kyoko Okazaki was born in 1963 in Tokyo.
Kyoko Okazaki : In May 1996, Okazaki was hit by a drunk driver and sustained severe injuries, and went on hiatus to rehabilitate.
Nao Minamisawa : She appeared in Junji Sakamoto's 2010 film "Strangers in the City".
Atsuko Inaba : Project group Taiyo to Ciscomoon (later named "T&C Bomber") in 1999, until its end in late 2000.
Skye Chan : Skye Chan (; Pinyin: Chén Qiànyáng; Yale: Chan4 Sin6 Yeung4) (born October 13, 1983) is a Hong Kong actress and Miss Hong Kong 2008 first runner-up.
Jo Kuk : Jo Koo Cho-lam (谷祖琳; born 16 May 1977), sometimes credited as Jo Koo is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Jo Kuk : In 2010, Koo married businessman Andrew Lau Wing-hang (劉穎恆), whom she met while studying in Australia.
Ann Graybiel : In 2001, Graybiel was awarded the President's National Medal of Science for "her pioneering contributions to the understanding of the anatomy and physiology of the brain, including the structure, chemistry, and function of the pathways subserving thought and movement."
Ann Graybiel : In 2012, she was awarded the Kavli Prize in Neuroscience, along with Cornelia Bargmann and Winfried Denk, "for elucidating basic neuronal mechanisms underlying perception and decision."
Ann Graybiel : In more recent work, Graybiel has focused on identifying specific pathways underlying aspects of behavior such as habit formation, learning and cognition, and decision-making, including being the first to analyze the effect of dopamine depletion on the activity of neurons affected by Parkinson's disease during behavioral tasks.
Ann Graybiel : In later work, Graybiel demonstrated, first in the striatum and later in the infralimbic cortex, that a task-bracket or “chunking” pattern of neuronal activity emerges when a habit is formed, wherein neurons activate when a habitual task is initiated, show little activity during the task, and reactivate when the task is completed.
Ann Graybiel : In 1994, she was named the Walter A. Rosenblith Professor Neuroscience in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Science and was named an Investigator at the MIT McGovern Institute for Brain research in 2001.
Lei Jia : Lei Jia has visited over twenty countries to participate in various cultural exchange activities and help introducing Chinese folk music to the world.
Lei Jia : In the prelude leading to the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, Lei Jia participated in "The Songs of the 56 Chinese Nationalities Music Torch Relay".
Lee Heung-kam : On January 4, 2021, 9 days before her 89th birthday, she fainted while having dinner, and was pronounced dead en route to Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Hong Kong.
Lee Heung-kam : Lee Heung-kam (13 January 1932 – 4 January 2021) was a Cantonese opera and TVB actress from Hong Kong.
Lee Heung-kam : Lee was also the god-mother of many celebrities, for example Chow Yun-fat, Carol Cheng, Cherie Chung, Andy Lau, Maggie Cheung etc.
Rosanna Wong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jung Hoon : Jung Hoon (born August 31, 1985) is a South Korean football player.
Dương Trương Thiên Lý : Thiên Lý was chosen to represent Vietnam in Miss World 2008 after the winner of Miss Vietnam 2008, Trần Thị Thùy Dung, was not allowed to represent Vietnam in international competitions because she had not graduated from high school, and the winner of Miss Universe Vietnam opted to continue her studies instead of competing.
Sin Yong-nam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choe Chol-man : Choe Chol-Man (Chinese: 崔哲萬; born September 22, 1985) is a North Korean international association football player.
Pak Song-gwan : Pak Song-gwan (Korean:  ; born 14 August 1980) is a North Korean international football player.
Oprah Winfrey : In 2013, Winfrey was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Obama and received honorary doctorate degrees from Duke and Harvard.
Oprah Winfrey : At the age of 17, Winfrey won the Miss Black Tennessee beauty pageant.
Oprah Winfrey : Oprah Gail Winfrey (born Orpah Gail Winfrey; January 29, 1954) is an American talk show host, television producer, actress, author, and philanthropist.
Noel Leung : Sabrina Leung Siu-bing (born 29 December 1969 in Macau) is a Hong Kong actress known for her roles in TVB television.
Jacinda Ardern : Economically, Ardern's government has implemented steady increases to the country's minimum wage and introduced the Provincial Growth Fund to invest in rural infrastructure projects.
Jacinda Ardern : In early 2008, Ardern was elected president of the International Union of Socialist Youth, a role which saw her spend time in several countries, including Jordan, Israel, Algeria and China.
Jacinda Ardern : In May 2020, Ardern rated 59.5 per cent as 'preferred prime minister' in a Newshub-Reid Research poll—the highest score for any leader in the Reid Research poll's history.
Jacinda Ardern : Ardern was brought into politics by her aunt, Marie Ardern, a longstanding member of the Labour Party, who recruited the teenaged Ardern to help her with campaigning for New Plymouth MP Harry Duynhoven during his re-election campaign at the 1999 general election.
Jacinda Ardern : After graduating from university, she spent time working in the offices of Phil Goff and of Helen Clark as a researcher.
Jacinda Ardern : On 19 March, Ardern stated that New Zealand's borders would be closed to all non-citizens and non-permanent residents, after 11:59 pm on 20 March (NZDT).
Jacinda Ardern : The first year of post-secondary education was made free from 1 January 2018 and, after industrial action, the government agreed to increase primary teachers' pay by 12.8 (for beginning teachers) and 18.5 per cent (for senior teachers without other responsibilities) by 2021.
Jacinda Ardern : She led her party to gain 14 seats at the 2017 general election on 23 September, winning 46 seats to the National Party's 56.
Jacinda Ardern : Born in Hamilton, New Zealand, Ardern grew up as a Mormon in Morrinsville and Murupara, where her father, Ross Ardern, worked as a police officer, and her mother, Laurell Ardern (née Bottomley), worked as a school catering assistant.
Aurélie Filippetti : Aurélie Filippetti (] ; born 17 June 1973) is a French politician and novelist of Italian descent.
Jillie Cooper : Jillie Cooper (born 9 May 1988) is a professional badminton player (BWF player id: 53127) who plays for Scotland.
Linda Wang : In Los Angeles, Wang participated in the VERB Campaigns for both Disney and Nickelodeon TV, a program designed to encourage children to take the hour gained from the fall time change to be more active physically.
Linda Wang : In 2007, Linda Wang appeared in the music video "Home" for the Irish pop group Westlife.
Loletta Chu : In 1968 she and her family moved to Hong Kong, where she attended St Teresa School, Hong Kong International School and King George V School.
Loletta Chu : She participated in the 1977 Miss Hong Kong Pageant and became the first candidate to win both the title as well as a second, Miss Photogenic.
Wan Yeung-ming : Vincent Wan Yeung-ming (尹揚明 , born 2 February 1958 in Macau) is a Hong Kong actor.
Oh Yeon-seo : Oh Yeon-seo (born Oh Haet-nim, (1987--) 22, 1987 ), is a South Korean actress and best known for her roles in television dramas "My Husband Got a Family" (2012), "Jang Bo-ri is Here!"
Têti : Márcio de Souza Jotha (born 29 January 1979 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Têti, is a Brazilian former football midfielder, who played for a number of clubs in Portugal and Brazil.
Yip Pin Xiu : Her term began on 22 September 2018, and was sworn to the parliament on 1 October 2018.
Yip Pin Xiu : In honour of her feats at the Paralympic Games, she was conferred the Pingat Jasa Gemilang (Meritorious Service Medal) during the National Day Awards ceremony and named "Young Woman Achiever of the Year" by local magazine "Her World".
Yip Pin Xiu : When she was five, she started swimming to improve her health and strengthen her muscles; nevertheless, by the age of eleven, she had lost her ability to walk and had to use a wheelchair.
Nathalie de Vries : She has been guest professor at the TU Berlin (2002-2004) and was the 2005 Morgenstern Visiting Critic at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago.
Heidi Løke : She had a relationship with her former coach Leif Gautestad, with whom she had a son, Alexander, born in 2007.
Heidi Løke : Her older brother, Frank Løke was also a former international handballer as well as a player for the Norwegian national team.
Tina Tchen : Christina M. Tchen (born January 25, 1956) is an American lawyer and CEO of Time's Up.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : ("My time will come!
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : ("My time will come!
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Jóhanna married Þorvaldur Steinar Jóhannesson in 1970 and the couple had two sons named Sigurður Egill Þorvaldsson and Davíð Steinar Þorvaldsson (born 1972 and 1977).
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After their divorce in 1987, she joined in a civil union with Jónína Leósdóttir (born 1954), an author and playwright, in 2002.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : In 2010, when same-sex marriage was legalised in Iceland, Jóhanna and Jónína changed their civil union into a marriage, thus becoming one of the first same-sex married couples in Iceland.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After graduating with her commercial diploma in 1960, she worked as a flight attendant with Icelandic Airlines (a predecessor of Icelandair) from 1962 to 1971, and as an office manager from 1971 to 1978.
Qian Ping : Qian Ping (; born 1964) is a former world level badminton player from China.
In-Kyung Kim : The LPGA dry spell ended in October 2016 when Kim won Reignwood LPGA Classic held in China.
Eva Lind : Eva Lind regularly appears on German TV where she hosts various music programs.
Hiroyuki Takasaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Siu Yam-yam : Siu Yam-yam (, born 17 August 1950), born Ngai Siu-ngan (倪小雁), is a Hong Kong actress.
Jennifer Connelly : A.O.
Jennifer Connelly : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rachel Notley : Alberta's minimum wage was raised incrementally from $10.20 an hour in 2015 to $15.00 an hour in 2018.
Rachel Notley : The plan also includes a phase out of coal-fired electricity by 2030, a 10-year goal to halve methane emissions, as well as incentives for renewable energy.
Rachel Notley : In 1994, Notley moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, where she worked for the Health Sciences Association of BC as their occupational health and safety officer.During her time in BC, she worked for one year as a ministerial assistant to Attorney General Ujjal Dosanjh.
Paisley Wu : She is best friends with Myolie Wu, Nancy Wu, Elaine Yiu, Selena Lee and Mandy Wong that they had filmed a travel show together.
Elena Dementieva : The combination of the heavy slice and extreme ball toss position meant that she rarely served to an opponent's backhand, making the positioning of her serve easy to read, and it also meant that her serve was much slower than those of many WTA players: her first serve speed frequently averaged 90 mph (144 km/h), and her second serve speed averaged 75 mph (120 km/h).
Sarah Hyland : In July 2019, the couple became engaged.
Sarah Hyland : Hyland was diagnosed with kidney dysplasia as a young child and received a kidney transplant from her father in April 2012.
Sarah Hyland : In 2012, Hyland appeared in the film "Struck by Lightning".
Sarah Hyland : In September 2012, she was involved in a Nintendo 3DS ad campaign along with Dianna Agron and Gabby Douglas.
Kim Seok-woo : Kim Seok-woo (born May 6, 1983) is a South Korea football Defender is a South Korean football player who since 2007 has played for Busan I'Park (formerly Pohang Steelers and Gwangju Sangmu).
He Jie : In 2018, after recovering from her mental problems, and after three years of semi retirement, the performer returned firmly to the stage, and released her fifth full studio album, entitled "Goodbye He Jie" under the Beijing based Bai Na Entertainment, her new record label.
Kaori Chiba : Kaori Chiba-Fujio ( ; born January 29, 1981 in Minami-Alps, Yamanashi) is a field hockey player from Japan.
Annie Au : Annie Au Wing Chi {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (; born February 9, 1989), known as Annie Au, is a former professional squash player who represented Hong Kong.
A-Love : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Yeong-gi : Kim Yeong-gi (; born 24 January 1985 in Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan) is a South Korean footballer.
Katie White : Katie Rebecca White (born 18 January 1983) is an English musician and member of the pop duo The Ting Tings.
Kim Cheong-sim : Kim Cheong-Sim (born February 8, 1976) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Kim Eun-mi : Kim Eun-Mi (born December 17, 1975) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kim Jeong-mi : In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which won the silver medal.
Kim Jeong-mi : Kim Jeong-Mi (born February 7, 1975) is a South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Puma Swede : Johanna Jussinniemi (born 13 September 1976), better known by her stage name Puma Swede, is a Swedish pornographic actress and feature dancer.
Puma Swede : The autobiography tells the cautious tale of her life paying specific attention to her childhood growing up, her introduction into the adult industry and her troubled relationship with and divorce from Sunit Patel.
Puma Swede : Swede received attention in January 2016 when the newspaper "Aftonbladet" publicized articles about the Swedish Municipal Workers' Union.
Kim Yong-tae : Kim Yong-Tae (born May 20, 1984) is a South Korean football player who recently plays for Indonesian club Pusamania Borneo in the Liga 1.
Min Young-ki : Min Young-Ki (born March 28, 1976) is a South Korean retired football player.
Asako Toki : Toki announced her marriage to a recording engineer through social media on January 12, 2016.
Alex Morgan : Although the name is rarely used any more, Morgan was given the nickname "Baby Horse" by her teammates on the U.S. women's national team for her speed, running style, and youth.
Alex Morgan : Born to Pamela and Michael Morgan in the Los Angeles County suburb of San Dimas, California, Morgan was raised with her two older sisters, Jeni and Jeri, in the nearby suburb of Diamond Bar.
Alex Morgan : After the WPS later suspended operations in early 2012 due to legal and financial difficulties, Morgan joined her national teammates Hope Solo, Sydney Leroux, Megan Rapinoe and Stephanie Cox on the Seattle Sounders Women for the 2012 season.
Alex Morgan : While playing in a scrimmage against the men's junior national team, she sustained an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury and did not play for the team again until April 2008.
Alex Morgan : Despite continued absences due to U.S. national team commitments throughout her collegiate career, Morgan led Cal in scoring and helped the team reach the NCAA Tournament four years in a row, advancing to the second round twice.
Alex Morgan : Alexandra Morgan Carrasco (born Alexandra Patricia Morgan; July 2, 1989) is an American professional soccer player for the Orlando Pride of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), the highest division of women's professional soccer in the United States, and the United States women's national soccer team.
Emma Wu : In her early childhood, the family moved frequently, and this resulted in her having to attend five different elementary schools.
Emma Wu : Wu briefly attended the Dao Jiang Senior High School of Nursing & Home Economics () before transferring to Zhuangjing Senior Vocational School in the Xindian District of Taipei, where she became classmates with JPM's Wang Zi.
Uzra Jafari : Azra Jafari ( ) is an Afghan politician and author.
Uzra Jafari : Azra Jafari has been awarded the Meeto Memorial Award at the Pakistan National Council of the Arts for her work and commitment to social development.
Uzra Jafari : She wrote "I am a Working Woman", which talks about employment law and the rights of Afghan women in the labour market, and was published in 2008.
Uzra Jafari : After the removal of the Taliban in late 2001 and the establishment of the new western-backed Karzai administration, she returned and participated in the "Emergency Loya Jirga" in Kabul.
Uzra Jafari : She was appointed as the first female mayor in Afghanistan by President Hamid Karzai in December 2008.
Scarlett Johansson : Johansson began a relationship with "Saturday Night Live" co-head writer and "Weekend Update" co-host Colin Jost in May 2017.
Katherine Heigl : After the death of her brother Jason, Heigl's family chose to donate Jason's organs to people needing organ transplants.
Rashida Tlaib : She graduated from Southwestern High School in Detroit in 1994.
Rashida Tlaib : I think she dishonored herself and I think she dishonored her family.
Rashida Tlaib : After leaving the state legislature, Tlaib worked at Sugar Law Center, a Detroit nonprofit that provides free legal representation for workers.
Rashida Tlaib : In 2018, Tlaib announced her intention to run for the 13th congressional district.
Rashida Tlaib : Rashida Harbi Tlaib ( ; born July 24, 1976) is an American politician and lawyer serving as the U.S. Representative for Michigan 's congressional district since 2019.
Rashida Tlaib : When Tobocman became Majority Floor Leader in 2007, he hired Tlaib to his staff.
Rashida Tlaib : In August 2020 the committee directed Tlaib to reimburse her campaign $10,800, stating that Tlaib has an "obligation to act in accordance with the strict technical requirements of federal campaign laws and regulations, including the restrictions on personal use of campaign funds".
Rashida Tlaib : The Israeli interior ministry stated that Tlaib had previously agreed to abide by any rules their government had set in exchange for being permitted to visit the country, and accused her of making a "provocative request aimed at bashing the State of Israel".
Rashida Tlaib : The eldest of 14 children, Rashida Harbi was born on July 24, 1976, to working-class Palestinian immigrants in Detroit.
Rashida Tlaib : On foreign affairs, she has sharply criticized the Israeli government, called for an end to U.S. aid to Israel, supports a one-state solution, and expressed support for the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions campaign.
Rashida Tlaib : She was one of 17 members of Congress to vote against a July 2019 House resolution condemning the BDS movement, which passed by a margin of 381 votes.
Rashida Tlaib : She and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) are the first female DSA members to serve in Congress.
Rashida Tlaib : In the Democratic primary for the special election, Tlaib finished second to Detroit City Council president Brenda Jones, who received 32,727 votes (37.7% of the total) to Tlaib's 31,084 (35.9%).
Rashida Tlaib : According to "The Times of Israel", Deputy Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said Israel would not "allow those who deny our right to exist in this world to enter" and called it a "very justified decision."
Rashida Tlaib : Tlaib picked up 85% of the vote to Czachorowski's 15%, and won the general election with 92% of the vote against Republican challenger Darrin Daigle.
Choi Young-hoon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yeo Seung-won : Yeo Seung-Won (born May 1, 1984) is a South Korean football player (formerly Gwangju Sangmu, Incheon United, Korea National League side Busan Transportation Corporation FC, Suwon Samsung Bluewings and Daejeon Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power FC).
Kim Tae-jin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Blanca Fernández Ochoa : She received the Premio Reina Sofía for best athlete in 1983 and 1988 by Consejo Superior de Deportes at Premios Nacionales del Deporte.
Blanca Fernández Ochoa : They ended up divorcing and she contracted a second marriage with David Fresneda, with whom she had two children, David (born 2000) and Olivia (born 1999), although this marriage also ended in divorce.
Blanca Fernández Ochoa : During her World Cup career, she had 4 victories, 20 podiums, and 69 top ten finishes.
Wang Beixing : Wang Beixing (; born 10 March 1985) is a Chinese long track speed skater, specializing in short distances (500 m and 1000 m).
Chang Kai-chen : Chang Kai-chen (; Taiwanese Mandarin: ] ; born January 13, 1991) is a Taiwanese tennis player.
Chang Kai-chen : She qualified for the 2009 US Open, where she beat 25th seed Kaia Kanepi 6–0, 2–6, 6–2, in her first-round match.
Lee Mi-yeon : Lee Mi-yeon (born September 23, 1971) is a South Korean actress.
G.E.M. : On 4 November, G.E.M.
G.E.M. : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
G.E.M. : embarked on her X.X.X.
G.E.M. : embarked on her X.X.X.
G.E.M. : In 2008, she attended Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, but dropped out in 2009 due to her decision to focus on her singing career.
G.E.M. : On 18 August 2018, her Queen of Hearts World Tour has called for an end for part 1 of the tour and she announced the part 2 tour will hold in 2019 with more new songs.
G.E.M. : In 2016, she appeared on the list of "Forbes" 30 Under 30 (Music), being the only Asian musician on the list.
Milson Ferreira dos Santos : Milson Ferreira Dos Santos (better known as Milson, born November 24, 1977 in Cuiabá, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer.
Evelyn Farkas : She is fluent in Hungarian and German.
Evelyn Farkas : Evelyn Nicolette Farkas (born December 6, 1967) is an American national security advisor who served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine, and Eurasia.
Evelyn Farkas : and Ph.D. from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Evelyn Farkas : Farkas' father is author Charles Farkas.
Evelyn Farkas : Her issue areas included foreign and defense policy in Asia Pacific, Western Hemisphere, Special Operations Command (policy and budget oversight), foreign military assistance, peace and stability operations, the military effort to combat terrorism, counternarcotics programs, homeland defense, and export control policy.
Evelyn Farkas : She is also the author of the 2003 book, "Fractured States and U.S. Foreign Policy: Iraq, Ethiopia, and Bosnia in the 1990s".
Victoria Lopyreva : Victoria Petrovna Lopyreva ( , "Viktoriya Petrovna Lopyryova"; born 26 July 1983) is a Russian television presenter, actress, model, blogger, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Russia 2003.
Gemma Arterton : She later received a full government grant to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), from which she graduated in 2008.
Kim Dae-hwan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Adrienne Lau : In 2008, Lau sang the song "Olympics Beijing" ("Ao Yun Beijing") for 2008 Olympics.
Adrienne Lau : Lau has been hosting TV shows in Hong Kong, she invited her Kpop star friends to appear on Seoul Stars for TVB and she is hosting her own show for Bread TV.
Pat Eastwood : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Pat Eastwood : She represented South Africa at the 1960 Winter Olympics where she placed 25th.
Pat Eastwood : Patricia Anne "Pat" Eastwood (born 16 December 1947) is a South African figure skater.
Odette Annable : Annable married her "Brothers & Sisters" co-star Dave Annable in October 2010.
Odette Annable : Her Colombian father is of Italian and French origins, her mother is Cuban.
Odette Annable : She graduated from Woodcrest Christian High School in Riverside, California.
Ki Hyun-seo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ki Hyun-seo : Ki Hyun-Seo (; born May 6, 1984) is a South Korean football player.
Kim Young-woo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aria Giovanni : Giovanni and John 5 married in 2005, but they later divorced.
Aria Giovanni : Giovanni was "Playboy"' s Model of the Day for June 6, 2007.
Aria Giovanni : Aria Giovanni (born November 3, 1977) is an American erotic actress and model who was "Penthouse" magazine's Pet for the month of September 2000.
Aria Giovanni : In October 2008, Giovanni appeared in the first episode of James Gunn's short-form web video series, "James Gunn's PG Porn", playing a role opposite Nathan Fillion.
Kumiko Ōsugi : She is referred to by fans and the Japanese press as the "Queen of Anime Song" and is considered to be one of the "Four Heavenly Kings and Queens of Anison" ("アニソン四天王"), along with Ichiro Mizuki, Isao Sasaki, and Mitsuko Horie.
Fiona Xie : Fiona Xie (谢婉谕, Xie Wanyu; born 24 January 1982) is a Singaporean actress, variety show host, and was named as one of the Seven Princesses of Mediacorp in 2006.
Fiona Xie : On 2 September 2009, Channel NewsAsia carried news reports that Xie had quit MediaCorp, but this was later disputed by another news article.
Melanie Merkosky : Melanie Merkosky (born April 7, 1980) is a Canadian actress.
Melanie Merkosky : Merkosky had parts on "Runaway", "Slings and Arrows", and "American Pie Presents The Naked Mile".
Gillian Foster : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aleksandar Jevtić : Aleksandar Jevtić ( , ] ; born 30 March 1985) is a Serbian retired football striker .
Natalya Glebova : Natalya Glebova (née "Shive", , born 30 April 1963) is a Russian speed skater who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics.
Natalya Glebova : Her first international competitions were the 1982 European Championships where she won three bronze medals (all-around, 1,000 m and 1,500 m) and a silver medal in the 500 m. Next year she won a silver and a gold medal in the 500 m at the European and World All-around Championships, respectively, and finished eights overall.
Ye Qiaobo : Ye Qiaobo (born June 3, 1964) is a Chinese speed skater.
Han Pil-hwa : Han Pil-hwa (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born 21 January 1942 in Nampho, South Pyongan) is a female North Korean speed skater who competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Shih-Ching Tsou : After graduating from Fu Jen Catholic University, Tsou came to New York City for her master's degree in Media Studies at The New School.
Shih-Ching Tsou : Shih-Ching Tsou () is a Taiwan-born film producer and director.
Shih-Ching Tsou : Tsou is currently working on her second feature, "Left Handed Girl", a family drama set in a night market in Taipei, Taiwan.
Shih-Ching Tsou : Baker and Tsou collaborated again on "Tangerine", Tsou served as a producer on the film as well as the costume designer, art department and additional camera operator, and made her acting debut in the film, it was filmed completely on iPhone 5s.
Maria Takagi : Maria Takagi was born in Chiba Prefecture, Japan on October 25, 1978.
Susan Wong : The first release under this agreement, "Someone Like You", was recorded in Nashville, USA and won critical and commercial success throughout South East Asia.
Susan Wong : It contained bossa nova influenced versions of songs such as Michael Jackson’s "Billie Jean" and "Everytime You Go Away" by Hall & Oates.
Susan Wong : The live in the studio project "My Live Stories" was released on CD, SACD, and HQCD in December 2012 with the live DVD/Blu-ray released in 2013.
Susan Wong : Susan Wong (born 1 January 1970) is a Hong Kong easy listening and smooth jazz singer, known for her alto vocals.
Anna Wu : She qualified as a solicitor after graduating from the Faculty of Law of the University of Hong Kong.
Anna Wu : Anna Wu Hung-yuk (Traditional Chinese: 胡紅玉; born 1951, Hong Kong), GBS, JP is a former non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong.
Marjorie Yang : Marjorie Yang Mun-tak GBS (; born 1952) is Chairwoman of Esquel Group, a Hong Kong-based textile and apparel manufacturer with operations throughout the world, producing over 110 million cotton shirts every year for well-acclaimed brands and retailers such as Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Hugo Boss, Nike, and Marks and Spencer.
Olivia Palermo : She attended the American University of Paris and The New School.
Olivia Palermo : Olivia Palermo (born February 28, 1986) is an American socialite, fashion influencer and entrepreneur.
Olivia Palermo : Palermo married German model Johannes Huebl in June 2014.
Ye Sha : Ye Sha (Chinese: 叶 沙, Hanyu Pinyin: "Yè Shā") is a radio personality from Shanghai, China.
Kim Su-dae : In 1972 she was part of the North Korean team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament.
Kim Su-dae : Kim Su-dae (born May 13, 1942) is a female North Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Walter Oelert : In 1995 under the leadership of Professor Walter Oelert, the international group of physicists in the CERN laboratory managed to show that they had obtained experimentally nine atoms of antihydrogen in a particle accelerator.
Arielle Kebbel : She was a contestant at the 2002 Miss Florida Teen USA beauty pageant.
Arielle Kebbel : Her mother, Sheri, is a talent manager and owns a production company.
Aiko Uemura : In June 2009, she married alpine skier Kentaro Minagawa.
Aiko Uemura : She is the first Japanese woman to win the 2007–08 World Cup in moguls, and also won two gold medals at FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2009.
Tomomi Kasai : It was released on December 26.
Courtney Hunt : The film was originally supposed to star "Skyfall" actor, Daniel Craig, who then abruptly dropped out of the film.
Courtney Hunt : Courtney Hunt (born 1964) is an American director and screenwriter.
Shendy Puspa Irawati : Shendy Puspa Irawati (born 20 May 1987) is an Indonesian badminton player from PB Djarum club.
Shendy Puspa Irawati : In Indonesia, they were lost from Japanese Miyuki Maeda and Satoko Suetsuna, and in Malaysia, they were lost from the Chinese Yang Wei and Zhang Jiewen with 10–21, 15–21.
Annabelle Wallis : In London, she did some advertisements and looked into drama schools before ultimately deciding to find an agent.
Annabelle Wallis : She is known for her roles as Jane Seymour in Showtime's period drama "The Tudors" (2009–2010), Grace Burgess in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders" (2013–2019), Mia Form in the supernatural horror film "Annabelle" (2014), and Jenny Halsey in the supernatural adventure film "The Mummy" (2017).
Terry King : Terry King is a World Series of Poker champion in the 1978 $200 Ladies - Limit 7 Card Stud event.
Lisa S. : Lisa Selesner (born May 26, 1978) or known simply as Lisa S., is an American model, actress and Channel V veejay and an international model based in Hong Kong.
Margaret Fong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margaret Fong : Margaret Fong Shun-man (; born 8 December 1962), is the Executive Director of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC) and is responsible for the HKTDC's worldwide operations.
Maya Sakura : She is also trained in ballet and solfège.
Maya Sakura : On 3 December 2008, she made her Nippon Crown debut with the song "Tairyō Matsuri", as the youngest enka singer in history.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir :  at Wikimedia Commons
Katrín Jakobsdóttir :  at Wikimedia Commons
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : She has been a member of the Althing for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : After coalition talks were completed, President Guðni formally granted Katrín a mandate to lead the government, which was installed on 30 November.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : Katrín Jakobsdóttir (pronounced ] ; born 1 February 1976) is an Icelandic politician serving as the 28th and current prime minister of Iceland since 2017.
Elena Gheorghe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elena Gheorghe : Gheorghe is of both Romanian and Aromanian background.
Elena Gheorghe : In January 2006, she opened her own dance school called "Passitos" and a month later ended the collaboration with Mandinga, starting her solo career with the help of musical producer Laurenţiu Duţă.
Elena Gheorghe : In 2000 she won the gold trophy "Little Bear" (in Baia Mare) with One Moment In Time by Whitney Houston.
Elena Gheorghe : She came 19th that night gaining 40 points, including 12 points from Moldova, seven from Spain, and five from Turkey and Macedonia, etc.
Elena Gheorghe : Mandinga was placed 4th in the Romanian National Eurovision Selection in March 2005 with the song "My Sun" which was awarded a golden disc one year later.
Elena Gheorghe : In August 2007 at the "Romanian Top Hit Music Awards", Gheorghe won the award for Best Song of 2007, with the song "Your Brown Eyes".
Elena Gheorghe : After Eurovision she became more famous Europe-wide and released her single "Disco Romancing" which was a smash hit in Romania as well as a top-ten in Hungary and a mild success in Czech Republic, Netherlands, Poland or Slovakia.
Toshiro Yabuki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mari Törőcsik : Mari Törőcsik (born 23 November 1935) is a Hungarian stage and film actress.
Elisa Roberts : Born in Sydney, she served with the Australian Defence Force at Victoria Barracks in Paddington from 1989 to 1993, and received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of New South Wales in 1996.
Princess Donna : She married Tuck Mayo in 2017.
Princess Donna : Princess Donna was born on January 23, 1982.
Princess Donna : She has expressed a feminist perspective on her work: "I grew up in a "Silence of the Lambs" culture, a culture where rape and killing women are very common themes for movies and TV shows.
Pamela Peck : Pamela Peck Wan-kam (, born on September 1, 1944) was a Hong Kong radio agony aunt and celebrity and is a former member of Wan Chai District Council.
Gabourey Sidibe : Gabourey Sidibe ( ; born May 6, 1983) is an American actress and author.
Allison Harvard : Harvard was born in Houston, Texas and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Allison Harvard : Allison Elizabeth Harvard (born January 8, 1988) is an American model, artist, actress, and Internet celebrity, best known as the runner-up of both cycle 12 of "America's Next Top Model" and "America's Next Top Model: All-Stars".
Katinka Hosszú : At the 2013 World Championships, she pulled out of the 100 m backstroke after qualifying second in the heats (preliminary races), to concentrate on the final of the 200 m individual medley which she subsequently won with a time of 2:07.92.
Katinka Hosszú : Competing in the 2012 Summer Olympics, she finished fourth in the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:33.49, just outside of the medals.
Katinka Hosszú : Throughout the 2013 World Cup series, she set world records in 100-meter IM, 200-meter IM, and 400-meter IM, breaking the 200-meter record twice and 100-meter record three times.
Katinka Hosszú : At the 2009 World Championships she won two bronze medals in the 200-meter individual medley and 200-meter butterfly before becoming World Champion in the 400-meter individual medley.
Katinka Hosszú : At the 2010 European Championships held in her home country, she won a silver medal in 400 m medley and became European Champion in 200 m butterfly, 200 m medley and as a member of the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay team.
Izumi Yukimura : On her 1974 album "Super Generation", she sang Ryoichi Hattori's songs along with four popular musicians: Masataka Matsutoya, Shigeru Suzuki, Tatsuo Hayashi and Haruomi Hosono.
Miyako Maki : Miyako Maki was born 29 July 1935 in Kobe.
Miyako Maki : Maki won the Japan Cartoonists Association Award in 1974 for Himon no onna (緋紋の女), the Montreal International Comic Contest for (星座の女, Seiza no onna?)
Cœur de pirate : Béatrice Martin (] ; born September 22, 1989), better known by her stage name Cœur de pirate (] ; French for "Pirate's Heart"), is a Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist.
Cœur de pirate : She was later featured in a Bedouin Soundclash song, "Brutal Hearts", on the album "Light the Horizon".
Cœur de pirate : On February 29, 2012, Martin announced on Twitter and Facebook that she was expecting a girl with her fiancé, Alex Peyrat, a tattoo artist.
Cœur de pirate : In 2013 she recorded music for the fifth season of the Canadian drama series "Trauma", with a soundtrack album released on January 14, 2014.
Aoi Yūki : She has also played Hibiki Tachibana in "Symphogear", Yuuki Konno in "Sword Art Online II", Tanya Degurechaff in "The Saga of Tanya the Evil", Yoshiko Hanabatake in "Aho-Girl", Nodoka Hanadera/Cure Grace in "Healin' Good Pretty Cure", Sonya in "Fairy Tail" and Futaba Sakura in "Persona 5".
Ai Haruna : In October 2009, Haruna won the "Miss International Queen 2009" transgender beauty pageant held in Pattaya, Thailand, becoming the first Japanese contestant to win the title.
Wu Chunmiao : She took the Paralympic Oath for athletes at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Wu Chunmiao : Wu Chunmiao ( ; born 1984) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Darya Domracheva : In cross-country ski races she was competing with boys, as she had no rivals among girls.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva started skiing when she was six.
Darya Domracheva : She was coached by former World Champion and Olympic medalist Klaus Siebert.
Darya Domracheva : In 2009, she was writing her diploma thesis on the subject: Advertising in the tourism industry.
Darya Domracheva : When she was four, her parents, who are architects, moved to the small town of Nyagan in Siberia.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva presented the voting result of Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 final on 18 May.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva was born in Minsk.
Darya Domracheva : There was no faculty of Sports Management in Minsk, so Domracheva changed to studying Tourism Management at the Belarusian State Economic University.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva's family moved back to Minsk in 2003.
Darya Domracheva : A biathlon school was opened in Nyagan in 1999, which Domracheva attended.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva attended university in Tyumen, and studied sports management from 2002 until 2003.
Darya Domracheva : In August 2015, Domracheva decided to skip the 2015–16 World Cup season due to mononucleosis which was diagnosed in July.
Darya Domracheva : Domracheva returned to the World Cup in January 2017 for the 2016–17 season.
Darya Domracheva : On 5 April 2016, Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Bjørndalen confirmed that he and Domracheva are in a relationship and that Domracheva would give birth to their first child in October 2016.
Jane R. Goodall : Born in Yorkshire, England, Goodall studied at London and Oxford Universities.
Hayley McFarland : She was a series regular on the television series "Lie to Me".
Hayley McFarland : She has appeared in TV shows including "Gilmore Girls", "ER", and "Criminal Minds", and films including "Ring Around the Rosie", and "Winged Creatures".
Yoyo Chen : Yoyo Chen Chi-yiu (born 27 August 1981) is a Hong Kong actress and model.
Yoyo Chen : Yoyo Chen married Hong Kong actor Vincent Wong on 11 November 2011 and gave birth to her daughter Wong Ching-kiu in April 2012.
Yoyo Chen : In 2020, Chen gained recognition with her role as Sabrina Chin Li-woon in "Life After Death", and was nominated in Best Supporting Actress in TVB Anniversary Awards 2020.
Kathryn Prescott : In response to a fan's question on her official website, Prescott revealed that she would prefer to not label herself regarding her sexuality, and "does not think people are defined by their sexuality", suggesting that "it doesn't change who you are as a person".
Kathryn Prescott : Kathryn Prescott (born 4 June 1991) is an English actress best known for playing Emily Fitch on the teen drama television series "Skins" and Carter Stevens in the 2014 MTV drama "Finding Carter".
Yasuko Sakata : Yasuko Sakata 坂田 靖子 is a manga artist who belongs to the Post Year 24 Group.
Yasuko Sakata : In the late 1970s and early 1980s, she was involved in the yaoi dōjinshi movement, having co-coined the term "yaoi" with Akiko Hatsu.
Omar Barboza : We accept the results," to The Associated Press, but claimed that the results were skewed by Hugo Chávez's broad use of state resources to win the vote, through state-run news media, political pressure on 2 million public employees and frequent presidential speeches ("cadenas") which all television stations in Venezuela are required to air, and added that "Effectively this will become a dictatorship."
Katrin Green : She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.
Katrin Green : Katrin Green (née Katrin Laborenz, born 16 February 1985 in Ruthweiler, Germany) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in category T44 sprint events.
Suki Chui : She married Kenny Wee (Wong Ho 黃浩, whose father is from Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia) on November 15, 2009.
Suki Chui : She participated in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant 2006 and was awarded with the Tourism Ambassador Award.
Megan Rapinoe : In January 2013, Rapinoe signed for six months with Olympique Lyonnais, the French side that had previously won six consecutive French league championships and two straight European titles, for a reported €11,000 (or approximately $14,000) a month.
Choi Na-yeon : Na Yeon Choi ( ] ; born 28 October 1987) is a South Korean female professional golfer playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.
Shiho Sakai : 2009 Junior Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Edita Vilkevičiūtė : Edita Vilkevičiūtė (born 1 January 1989) is a Lithuanian model.
Bree Olson : Rachel Marie Oberlin (born October 7, 1986 ), also known by her stage name Bree Olson, is an American actress, model, and former pornographic actress.
Vivian Lai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vivian Lai : Lai is also the brand ambassador for Pokka beverages, Kirei Kirei soap, Samsung electrical appliances and Osim massage.
Vivian Lai : Lai is married to Alain Ong and the couple have two daughters, Vera and Ariel.
Vivian Lai : In 2012, after numerous nominations, she won her first professional award, the Best Supporting Actress award, at the Star Awards 2012 for her role as a Chinese immigrant in "Love Thy Neighbour".
Krysten Ritter : She was raised in rural Shickshinny, Pennsylvania, where her mother, stepfather and sister live; her father lives in nearby Benton.
Nana Haruta : Haruta published her first story at the age of 15 with "Ai no Ai Shirushi", which was first published in the December 2000 issue of "Ribon Original", making her one of the youngest artists to professionally debut as a manga artists.
Hu Zhengyue : the
Hu Zhengyue : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yasuko Kobayashi : Since her debut writing credits in "Janperson", Kobayashi has been the main writer on many anime and tokusatsu television series and films.
Rubina Ali : Rubina Ali (born 21 January 1999), also known as Rubina Qureshi, is an Indian child actress who played the child version of Latika in the Oscar-winning film "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008), for which she won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Yang Kuei-mei : Yang Kuei-mei (; born 6 September 1959) is a Taiwanese actress.
Fabiola Gianotti : Fabiola Gianotti (] ; born October 29, 1960) is an Italian experimental particle physicist, and the first woman to be general director at CERN (European Organization for Nuclear Research) in Switzerland.
Tseng Shu-o : Tseng Shu-o (; born 6 September 1984) is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish Primera Nacional club CF Joventut Almassora.
Richa Chadda : Richa Chadda (born 18 December 1986) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films, best known for her work in the Fukrey Series.
Kylie Jenner : In the same month, her sister Kendall confirmed that a cosmetics line in collaboration with Jenner' Kylie Cosmetics was in the process.
Valery Nikolayevich Popov : Valery Nikolayevich Popov ( ) (born 6 July 1942) is a Russian diplomat and from 24 May 1990 to 25 December 1991 was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union to Austria, and from 25 December 1991 to 30 August 1996 was Ambassador of Russia to Austria.
Daniela Ruah : Daniela Sofia Korn Ruah (born December 2, 1983) is a Portuguese-American actress and director best known for playing NCIS Special Agent Kensi Blye in the CBS police procedural series "".
Daniela Ruah : Ruah and then-fiancé David Olsen, the older brother and stunt double of Ruah's "" co-star Eric Christian Olsen, welcomed a son, named River Isaac Ruah Olsen, in December 2013.
Cui Weiping : Cui Weiping (崔卫平) is a Beijing Film Academy professor and social critic.
Enikő Mihalik : When she was young, her classmates often teased her about her thin physique, some claiming it was caused by illness.
Enikő Mihalik : She was discovered by a Valve scout in a shopping mall when she was 15 years old.
Enikő Mihalik : She walked in the 2009 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in New York City and 2014 in London.
Enikő Mihalik : In 2002, she entered into the Hungarian Elite Model Look and won.
Haruka Ueda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Norodom Arunrasmy : She was selected as the Funcinpec party candidate for the 2008 Cambodian parliamentary elections, she was the Cambodian Ambassador to Malaysia from 2005 to 2018 before being nominated to the Senate by King Norodom Sihamoni.
Norodom Arunrasmy : She is the youngest daughter of HM King Father Norodom Sihanouk and stepdaughter of Queen Mother Norodom Monineath.
Sharbat Gula : Gula was born into a Pashtun family.
Sharbat Gula : As of 2002, Gula had three daughters, Robin, Zahid and Alyan – her fourth daughter died shortly after birth; she later had a son.
Sae Miyazawa : During the AKB48 Group "Rinji Sokai" concert in Nippon Budokan in April 2013, AKB48 announced her return to Team K and concurrent membership with SNH48.
Noah Cyrus : She was named one of "Time"'s 30 Most Influential Teens in 2017.
Noah Cyrus : At the age of 2, Cyrus began her acting career, playing Gracie Hebert on the sixth episode of the television series "Doc".
Ashley Madekwe : In June 2012, Madekwe married her long-time boyfriend, Israeli actor Iddo Goldberg.
Ashley Madekwe : While attending the school, she appeared in numerous stage productions including "King Henry V" as Princess Katherine and "Wuthering Heights" as Catherine Earnshaw.
Liao Hsiao-chun : Liao Hsiao-chun (; born 19 October 1967 in Xiluo Township, Yunlin County, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese TV presenter.
Jordyn Wieber : On January 19, 2018, Wieber testified in court that she was sexually abused by the long-term team doctor of USA Gymnastics, Larry Nassar.
Susan Downey : Susan Nicole Downey (née Levin; born November 6, 1973) is an American film producer.
Shi Xin Hui : Chew Sin Huey (Shi Xin Hui; ; born 23 June 1981), also known as Sing Chew, is a Malaysia-born former singer based in Singapore, who was one of the five popular new talents emerged from the Channel U's popular singing talent show, Project SuperStar 2005 in Singapore.
Terri Sewell : Despite this, for the 114th United States Congress, Sewell was ranked as the 94th most bipartisan member of the U.S. House of Representatives (and the most bipartisan member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Alabama) in the Bipartisan Index created by The Lugar Center and the McCourt School of Public Policy that ranks members of the United States Congress by their degree of bipartisanship (by measuring the frequency each member's bills attract co-sponsors from the opposite party and each member's co-sponsorship of bills by members of the opposite party).
Terri Sewell : Terrycina Andrea "Terri" Sewell ( ; born January 1, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician.
Himeka : Himeka's first digital single, "La la la, Sekai o Hitotsuni", was released on July 2010.
Himeka : Her stage name, Himeka, comes from a character she created in a story she wrote when she was 13 years old.
Pixie Lott : Lott's third single from the album, "Cry Me Out" was released on 23 November 2009.
Pixie Lott : Lott was born several months premature, and her mother gave her the nickname Pixie because she was "such a tiny, cute baby who looked like a fairy".
Pixie Lott : Victoria Louise "Pixie" Lott (born 12 January 1991) is an English singer and songwriter.
Fouzia Saeed : Saeed says of herself: "I want to be judged by my abilities, my struggles and my achievements and not labeled or stereotyped by my gender, my economic background, my nationality or my beliefs."
Fouzia Saeed : On 10 March 2009, the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gilani, named Saeed to a three-year term as one of the 15 members of the National Commission on the Status of Women.
Fouzia Saeed : Saeed is well known in the activist circles of Pakistan's social movement, having worked for decades on women's issues, especially those linked to violence against women, prostitution, women in the entertainment business, women’s mobility and sexual harassment.
Fouzia Saeed : She completed her term on 9 February 2018 with exuberant accolades from the press and civil society for her stellar success in revitalizing Lok Virsa and expanding the space for performance culture in Pakistan.
Huang Zhiyi : Huang Zhiyi (Chinese:黄志毅) (born February 3, 1981) is a Chinese footballer, who currently plays for Hoi Fan.
Yue Qingshuang : Yue Qingshuang (; born October 7, 1985 in Harbin, Heilongjiang; usually referred to in the media as Qingshuang Yue) is a Chinese curler.
Corine Mauch : Corine Mauch (born 28 May 1960 in Iowa City) is a Swiss Social Democrat politician who serves as mayor of Zurich.
Laura Ling : Laura Ling (born December 1, 1976) is an American journalist and writer.
Guo Yan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Serinda Swan : Her father, Scott Swan, is a Canadian theatre director and actor who runs an acting studio.
Kristin Cashore : Her fourth book, "Jane, Unlimited", was released in September 2017.
Kristin Cashore : Cashore has also written professionally for textbooks, and teacher editions, as well as for The Horn Book Guide.
Kristin Cashore : Her debut novel, "Graceling", was published in October 2008.
Kristin Cashore : Kristin Cashore (born 1976) is an American young adult and fantasy writer.
Kristin Cashore : All three books were a part of the Graceling Realm series which has sold more than 1.5 million copies and has been translated into 33 languages.
Kristin Cashore : She has a Bachelor's Degree from Williams College and a Master's degree in Children's Literature from the Center for the Study of Children’s Literature at Simmons College in 2003.
Bérénice Bejo : In 2012, she was announced as the host of the opening and closing ceremonies at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
Bérénice Bejo : In 2006, she made a comeback by acting alongside Jean Dujardin in "OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies" by Michel Hazanavicius.
Russian Red : The album, her first, was called "I Love Your Glasses" and quickly became a success, leading "El País" columnist Alfonso Cardenal to deem Russian Red the "revelation of the year".
Russian Red : Lourdes Hernández González, known professionally as Russian Red, is a Spanish indie and folk singer-songwriter.
Russian Red : Russian Red's project began when Hernández met Brian Hunt, a musician with an English father and Spanish mother, with whom she recorded a demo (which included tracks that remain unpublished like "Reason", "The Night of the Paper", and "Sadie") that reached more than 70,000 visits on her MySpace page by 2008.
Russian Red : Known by many as the "Spanish Feist", in reference to the Canadian singer-songwriter who inspires her in many of her attitudes on the microphone, Hernández—who writes and sings all of her compositions in English—states that she sings in that language instinctively because she has always listened to music in English.
Kim So-eun : Kim So-eun (born September 6, 1989) is a South Korean actress.
Alyssa Nicole Pallett : "Time Out New York" selected the store for its "Best Indie Shops" Issue in 2010, and it was profiled as Critics' Pick in "New York" magazine.
Alyssa Nicole Pallett : She is known for her brief career as an actress and glamour model in the United Kingdom and has been photographed by several well-known photographers, including Patrick Demarchelier and "Playboy" photographer Josh Ryan.
Alyssa Nicole Pallett : Alyssa Nicole Pallett (born December 8, 1985) is a Canadian model, actress, and businesswoman.
Alyssa Nicole Pallett : In 2009 in New York, at the age of 24, Pallett opened 'The Sweet Ones', a vintage store in Manhattan's Lower East Side.
Susan Boyle : Her father, Patrick Boyle, was a miner and veteran of the Second World War who also worked as a singer at the Bishop's Blaize; her mother Bridget was a shorthand typist.
Im Yoon-ah : Im Yoon-ah (Korean:  ; born May 30, 1990), known mononymously as Yoona, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Cao Mianying : She is from Haiyan County, Zhejiang province.
Vivibear : Weiwei Zhang (vivibear) was born on November 26, 1977 in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province.
Vivibear : Not long after she left her job to marry a Swedish man in 2004.
Vivibear : The Local, a Swedish news website reported Chinese media allegations of her plagiarism on April 26, 2009.
Aki Toyosaki : by Sphere as its opening theme.
Jennifer Ringley : On April 3, 1996, during her junior year at Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, the 19-year-old Ringley installed a webcam in her college dorm room and provided images from that cam on a webpage.
Mika Johnson : Johnson's earlier works were mostly documentary and fiction films.
Mika Johnson : Johnson was born in San Diego, California and graduated from Oberlin College in 2000.
Mika Johnson : Mika Johnson (born July 10, 1975) is a writer, filmmaker and multimedia artist who works with virtual reality, photography, and other media.
Mika Johnson : This includes a 15 part web series "The Amerikans," which features three- to five-minute performative documentaries, and "Forever Professor": a 30 minute documentary on Mark McKinley, a college professor who amassed the world's largest collection of talking clocks.
Mika Johnson : Johnson has directed numerous music videos including one for the Sonja Vectomov song "Two in One", which features renowned prima ballerina Jana Andrsová.
Yōko Hikasa : Hikasa has been married since 2015.
Yōko Hikasa : She formed a pop music group Ro-Kyu-Bu!, with Kana Hanazawa, Yuka Iguchi, Rina Hidaka and Yui Ogura.
Võ Hoàng Yến : The judge included Miss Businesswoman 2015 runner up CEO JollieD Mai Dieu Linh; actress, movie producer and Miss Global Fashion 1998 Truong Ngoc Anh; actor and TV host Phan Anh; supermodel and Miss Universe Vietnam 2008 runner up Vo Hoang Yen; fashion designer Nguyen Minh Quan; fashion designer - fashion professor Lie Sang Boong; chief editor of W Magazine Korea Lee Hye Joo and chief doctor Kim Sang Woo of Lavian Korea.
Park Ji-a : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sheyla Hershey : On July 27, 2010, reports surfaced that after complications during her July 5 surgery, she was "doing fine", and is "presently recuperating", and that surgery went on without further complications.
Taylor Spreitler : This was followed by a series of spots, including JIF, Hess, and Chuck E. Cheese's.
Taylor Spreitler : Spreitler was born in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, spent her younger years in Wiggins, Mississippi, and then moved to Amory, Mississippi.
Taylor Spreitler : Spreitler in 2009 signed a three-year contract to play the role of Mia McCormick on the NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives".
Hwang Shin-hye : Hwang Shin-Hye (born Hwang Jung-Man on December 15, 1963) is a South Korean actress.
Hwang Shin-hye : Hwang resumed her acting career in 2009, with both leading and supporting roles in the romantic comedy "The Queen Returns" (2009), the mystery drama "Home Sweet Home" (2010), the melodrama "Bachelor's Vegetable Store" (2011), and the sitcom "Family" (2012).
Nina Paw : Nina Paw Hee-ching (born 20 July 1949) is a Hong Kong actress.
Nicki Minaj : On November 9, 2014, Minaj hosted the 2014 MTV Europe Music Awards at The SSE Hydro, Glasgow, Scotland.
Sasha Grey : Grey filmed her last adult film at age 21 in 2009 and announced her retirement from the industry on Facebook in April 2011.
Sasha Grey : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mei Ting : In 1996, Mei Ting was admitted into the prestige Central Academy of Drama in Beijing, Department of Acting.
Mei Ting : Mei Ting (born 30 April 1975) is a Chinese actress.
Zulay Henao : She's co-starred in a number of films such as "Illegal Tender" (2007), "Fighting" (2009), "Takers" (2010), "Boy Wonder" (2011), "", "The Single Moms Club" (2014), "True Memoirs of an International Assassin" (2016).
Khatia Buniatishvili : Her older sister, Gvantsa Buniatishvili is also a pianist and they have played together on numerous occasions.
Khatia Buniatishvili : Khatia Buniatishvili (Georgian: , ] ; born 21 June 1987) is a French-Georgian concert pianist.
Kasumi Ishikawa : At the 2017 World Table Tennis Championships held in Düsseldorf, partnering compatriot Maharu Yoshimura in the mixed doubles event, Ishikawa and Yoshimura progressed through to the final, beating the combination of Fang Bo and Petrissa Solja in the semi-finals, and overcame the Taiwanese pair of Chen Chien-an and Cheng I-ching 4–3 to win the first title in this tournament.
Susana Chou : Susana Chou Vaz da Luz (born 2 December 1941, Shanghai), also known as Chou Kei Jan and Cao Qizhen, is a Macau politician who served as the President of the Legislative Assembly of Macau from 1999 to 2009.
Emma Jane : Jane has written ten books including "Deadset", a first novel which won the 1998 Commonwealth Writers' Prize for Best First Book for South East Asia and the South Pacific.
Stoya : In May 2009, Stoya said that she would be moving from Philadelphia and relocating to Los Angeles in the fall of that year.
Stoya : My mom taught me how to read, and my dad taught me how to navigate DOS", she has said.
Stoya : In June 2009, she was reported to be dating Marilyn Manson, but they later broke up due to Manson's touring schedule.
Stoya : Stoya has acknowledged the importance of social networking in her career; she is active on MySpace, Twitter, Tumblr, and various Internet fora.
Stoya : Stoya is regarded as the company's first alt porn contract girl.
Stoya : Because her father worked in IT, Stoya had access to a lot of electronics and gaming equipment, which she says developed her love for technology.
Stoya : Stoya appeared in several music videos for bands that, according to her, "no one will ever hear of."
Tarcy Su : Tarcy Su (; born 27 October 1970) is a Taiwanese singer and actress who was popular in the 1990s during her recording career with Rock Records.
Tarcy Su : Her most popular albums were: "Lemon Tree" (1996), where she sang a Mandarin and Cantonese cover of the song by Fool's Garden; "Duck" (1996), where she covered a pop song by South Korean band JuJu Club; and "The Fool" (1997), where the title track was composed by Singaporean group Padres.
MeiMei Kuo : MeiMei Kuo () is an actress and a member of Taiwanese girl band Hey Girl (formerly Hei Se Hui Mei Mei).
Oksana Yermakova : Oksana Ivanovna Yermakova ( , , also spelled Oxana Ermakova, born 16 April 1973) is an Estonian and Russian épée fencer.
Cressida Cowell : Cowell attended Keble College, Oxford where she studied English, and she also attended Saint Martin's School of Art and Brighton University where she learned illustration.
Cressida Cowell : Cressida Cowell presently resides in London with her husband Simon, a former director and interim CEO of the International Save the Children Alliance; daughters Maisie and Clementine; and son Alexander.
Cressida Cowell : The first in the series, "That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown", won a Nestlé Children’s Book Award.
Kana Nishino : did.
Kana Nishino : On November 18, she released another pair of best-of albums: Secret Collection ~RED~ and Secret Collection ~GREEN~, containing only b-sides of previously released singles and albums.
Kana Nishino : Was held in December of the same year 5 days, " the 49th Japan Cable Awards his first at" the same song Grand Prize was awarded the same year.
Yu Nakamura : was also her first music video, followed four months later by her second video and single for the song "Jibun Color".
Margaret Leung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Minako Kotobuki : ", Karina Lyle/Blue Rose in "Tiger & Bunny", Rikka Hishikawa/Cure Diamond in "DokiDoki!
Carol Cheng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Julietta Suzuki : Suzuki was born on December 6 in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Mia Hansen-Løve : Mia Hansen-Love (born 5 February 1981) is a French film director, screenwriter, and former actress.
Mia Hansen-Løve : The film was completed in 2016 and premiered in competition at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival, where Hansen-Løve won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
Mia Hansen-Løve : Her parents, Laurence and Ole Hansen-Løve, are both philosophy professors who separated when Hansen-Løve was in her 20s.
Noomi Rapace : Rapace married Swedish actor Ola Norell (born Pär Ola Norell) in 2001.
Helen Clark : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Helen Clark : She married sociologist Peter Davis, her partner of five years in 1981, shortly before she was elected to Parliament.
Helen Clark : She represented the New Zealand Labour Party at the congresses of the Socialist International and of the Socialist International Women in 1976, 1978, 1983 and 1986, at an Asia-Pacific Socialist Organisation Conference held in Sydney in 1981, and at the Socialist International Party Leaders' Meeting in Sydney in 1991.
Helen Clark : Clark resigned from Parliament in April 2009 to become the first female head of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Helen Clark : From October 1990 until December 1993 Clark held the posts of Deputy Leader of the Opposition, Shadow spokesperson for Health and Labour, and member of the Social Services Select Committee and of the Labour Select Committee.
Helen Clark : Helen Elizabeth Clark {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 26 February 1950) is a New Zealand politician who served as the 37th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1999 to 2008, and was the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme from 2009 to 2017.
Helen Clark : Clark studied at Te Pahu Primary School, at Epsom Girls' Grammar School in Auckland and at the University of Auckland, where she majored in politics and graduated with an MA (Honours) in 1974.
Dalia Grybauskaitė : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Dalia Grybauskaitė : She received 46% of the vote in the first round, and defeated Zigmantas Balčytis of the Social Democratic Party in the run-off with 58% of the vote.
Dalia Grybauskaitė : In addition to her native Lithuanian, she is fluent in English, Russian and Polish, and also speaks French.
Dalia Grybauskaitė : Dalia Grybauskaitė (] ; born 1 March 1956) is a Lithuanian politician who served as the eighth President of Lithuania from 2009 until 2019.
Haruka Nakagawa : At the JKT48 Concert Show Hour Setlist Best 30 2016 held on 27 February 2016 at Balai Sarbini, Jakarta, Nakagawa announced her graduation from JKT48.
Zhang Yueran : Zhang Yueran (, born 7 November 1982) is a Chinese writer.
Alexandra Dulgheru : 41, reached on 4 July 2011.
Alexandra Dulgheru : Alexandra Dulgheru (] ; born 30 May 1989) is a professional tennis player from Romania.
Alexandra Dulgheru : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Samantha Cristoforetti : Cristoforetti can speak Italian, English, German, French, and Russian, and she is currently studying Chinese.
Samantha Cristoforetti : She has logged over 500 hours and has flown six types of military aircraft: SF-260, T-37, T-38, MB-339A, MB-339CD and AM-X.
Simona Halep : 3.
Simona Halep : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Simona Halep : Halep won her 20th WTA title at Dubai, defeating Ons Jabeur, Aryna Sabalenka, and Jennifer Brady, before defeating Elena Rybakina in a tight third-set tiebreak in the final.
Simona Halep : She finished the 2018 season ranked first in percentage of first serve return points won at 42.9%, fourth in percentage of second serve return points won at 60.8%, first in percentage of return games won at 48.5%, and ninth in percentage of break points won at 50.1% among all players with at least ten matches.
Kristy Yang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kristy Yang : Kristy Yang (born 7 January 1974), also known as Yang Gongru, is a Chinese-born Canadian actress based in Hong Kong.
Kensaku Morita : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Judith Mackay : Judith Longstaff Mackay, SBS, OBE, JP, FRCP (Edin), FRCP (Lon) (born 1943 in Yorkshire, England) is a British-born and Hong Kong–based medical doctor and international tobacco control advocate who has led a campaign against tobacco in Asia from 1984 onwards, campaigning for tax increases to discourage youth smoking, for the creation of smoke-free areas, and against tobacco promotion.
Marina Diamandis : In October, Diamandis finalized a recording contract with 679 Recordings (eventually renamed 679 Artists), a subdivision of Warner Music Group.
Marina Diamandis : After spending one month in New York City, Diamandis announced in February 2013 that she had begun writing material for an upcoming third studio album.
Marina Diamandis : Diamandis's lyrical content typically analyses components of human behaviour; she has noted that she would have become a psychologist had she been unsuccessful in the music industry.
Marina Diamandis : She has been described as a "pop enigma", an artist who "never felt like she belonged to the masses" and one with a cult following.
Marina Diamandis : The single "Froot" was released on 10 October 2014, her 29th birthday, and announced as the title track.
Marina Diamandis : Diamandis plays down her popularity in the gay community in order to avoid sounding like a "cliché pop star" and hopes for a time when acceptance will mean that people do not label themselves by their sexuality.
Marina Diamandis : She first began writing music when she was 18 years old; she moved to London to attend dance school, but quit after two months.
Marina Diamandis : In December 2009, Diamandis was ranked in second place on the Sound of 2010 poll organized by BBC, behind Ellie Goulding; she was one of three nominees for the Critics' Choice Award at the 2010 BRIT Awards, which also went to Goulding.
Marina Diamandis : "Mowgli's Road" was released on 13 November 2009, with Diamandis describing it as "uncommercial", but it received attention after its video was shared by bloggers including Perez Hilton and Kanye West.
Marina Diamandis : Rory Cashin of "Slate" lauded Diamandis's lyrics as "esoteric," likening her to an "emotionally intelligent outsider who knew how to perfectly articulate those weird thoughts and reactions we all have but would never admit to."
Éric Legrix : Éric Legrix is a French jockey and horse trainer who has won many G1 races, including the Prix Jacques le Marois in 1985 with Vin De France, the Breeders' Cup Turf in 1991 with Miss Alleged, the Hong Kong Derby (twice), the Queen Elizabeth II Cup and the Prix du Cadran (four times).
Kassio Fernandes Magalhães : In March 2012, Kassio signed for Chinese Super League team Changchun Yatai.
Stephanie Baldwin : Baldwin graduated from Chapman University with a bachelor's degree in Liberal Studies and a Music Concentration in 2001.
Stephanie Baldwin : Stephanie Inez Baldwin (born 1978) is a beauty queen from Fullerton, California.
May-Britt Moser : May-Britt Moser (born 4 January 1963) is a Norwegian psychologist and neuroscientist, who is a Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).
Lily Collins : She has also written for "Seventeen", "Teen Vogue", and the "Los Angeles Times".
Mari Kiviniemi : YLE News.
Mari Kiviniemi : She lists her hobbies as listening to classical music (she plays the piano and flute), running, skiing, and in-line rollerblading.
Mari Kiviniemi : In addition to her native Finnish, she speaks Swedish, German and English.
Mari Kiviniemi : She enrolled in the University of Helsinki in 1988 to study economics.
Mari Kiviniemi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mari Kiviniemi : Kiviniemi married Juha Mikael Louhivuori, a businessman, in 1996.
Mari Kiviniemi : After new polls showed the Centre Party had made no gains against the governing parties, she decided to step down as chairperson and did not stand in the chairperson election in the summer of 2012.
Mari Kiviniemi : Kiviniemi was born in Seinäjoki, Finland.
Mari Kiviniemi : Mari Johanna Kiviniemi (born 27 September 1968) is a Finnish politician, who served as the second female Prime Minister of Finland from 2010 to 2011.
Patina Miller : On June 14, 2014, Miller married venture capitalist David Mars in New York City.
Patina Miller : She attended South Carolina Governor's School for the Arts & Humanities and in 2006 graduated with a degree in musical theatre from Carnegie Mellon University, which she attended on a full scholarship.
Sigrid Agren : Sigrid Agren (born 24 April 1991) is a French model from Martinique, who rose to prominence during the Elite Model Look in 2006.
Doris Bures :  at Wikimedia Commons
Doris Bures :  at Wikimedia Commons
Doris Bures : Doris Bures (born 3 August 1962) is an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) who serves as the Second President of the Austrian National Council.
Doris Bures : On 8 July 2016, when Austrian President Heinz Fischer left office, the position of Acting President fell jointly to the three presidents of the National Council – Bures, Norbert Hofer, and Karlheinz Kopf.
Doris Bures : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Qin : Competing in the mid-1990s, she won a silver medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
Huo Siyan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huo Siyan : Huo Siyan (born October 23, 1981) is a Chinese actress.
Huo Siyan : She made her debut in an advertisement during 11th grade in school, and entered showbiz as she was invited to participate in a selection test for acting in a television series.
Krisztina Fazekas-Zur : In 2013, she founded the Path of Champions Foundation ( ) that aims to help children through sport.
Eda Erdem Dündar : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nguyễn Thị Doan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nguyễn Thị Doan : She was named Vice-President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at the first session of the Twelfth National Assembly on July 25, 2007.
Han Sai Por : Han Sai Por (; born 19 July 1943) is a Singaporean sculptor.
Han Sai Por : In Singapore, sculptures commissioned from her can be seen at Capital Tower, the Defence Science Organisation National Laboratories, the Esplanade – Theatres on the Bay, the National Museum of Singapore, Revenue House, Singapore Changi Airport Terminal 3, Suntec City Mall, and Woodlands Regional Library.
Paloma Faith : Faith married New Zealand chef Rian Haynes in 2005, though they separated after eight months and were divorced in 2009.
Paloma Faith : In August 2016, it was revealed that she was expecting her first child with long-term boyfriend Leyman Lahcine, and she gave birth in December 2016.
Paloma Faith : Paloma Faith Blomfield (born 21 July 1981) is an English singer, songwriter and actress.
Paloma Faith : Her music often blends soul and elements of jazz and gospel; she has been consequently compared to Amy Winehouse, Adele and Duffy.
Paloma Faith : In addition to her solo work, Faith has also collaborated with the duo Sigma on the 2014 track "Changing", which charted at number one in the UK, and DJ Sigala on "Lullaby", which reached the top ten in 2018.
Jelena Janković : 3.
Jelena Janković : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Jelena Janković : Janković was the subject of the 2008 autobiographical documentary, "Jelenin svet (Jelena's World)," featuring Justine Henin, Svetlana Kuznetsova, Ana Ivanovic, Elena Dementieva, Anna Chakvetadze and other notable players.
Jelena Janković : Janković was upset by Kaia Kanepi in the third round of Doha in straight sets, in what she called "the worst match of my career."
Akiho Yoshizawa : Since her retirement from AV, Yoshizawa has been working as a special counselor at the Aria Roppongi Men's Clinic and started her own podcast "Akiho 'Acky' Yoshizawa-The Radio" ("吉沢明歩のあっき～the Radio！"), hosted by Apple Podcast.
Corrinne Yu : In November 2014, she left Naughty Dog and joined Amazon.com to work on their Amazon Prime Air program.
Anna Camp : Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer.
Anna Camp : Camp has made guest appearances on "The Office" (2009), "Glee" (2009), "Numbers" (2010), and "Covert Affairs" (2010).
Lai Shin-yuan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
April Telek : April Amber Telek (born April 29, 1975) is a Canadian actress.
Deborah Ann Woll : Deborah Ann Woll (born February 7, 1985) is an American actress.
Celest Chong : Celest Chong is a Singaporean actress, singer and former cover model who is currently based in Canada.
Celest Chong : She was voted one of the Top 100 most beautiful women in the world by "FHM" and The Sexiest Woman in Singapore by International Media with her five Ss - Sunshine Sweet, Smile, Sexy & Song.
Eileen Hsieh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eileen Hsieh : In December 2006, she was in Baghdad for Saddam Hussein's execution.
Cynthia Khan : Yang Li-tsing (born 13 December 1968), better known internationally by her stage name Cynthia Khan, is a Taiwanese actress.
Zhang Yuqi : She was also voted the Most Popular Actress at the Beijing College Student Film Festival for her performance.
Zhang Yuqi : Zhang Yuqi (, born 8 August 1987), also known as Kitty Zhang, is a Chinese actress.
Kim Yoon-ok : Kim graduated from Daegu Girls' High School in 1966 and went on to attend Ewha Womans University, where she graduated in 1970 with a Bachelor of Arts in Health Education and Management.
Kim Yoon-ok : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Florencia Peña : María Florencia Peña Finoli (born 7 November 1974), better known as Florencia Peña, is an Argentine television, stage, and film actor.
Hayley Kiyoko : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hayley Kiyoko : The "This Side of Paradise" music video focused on her struggles with expressing her true self and the "Gravel to Tempo" music video draws on her experiences with having crushes on girls while growing up.
Hayley Kiyoko : Alongside her film roles, she also held a recurring role in the TV series "The Fosters" (2014) and a lead role on "" (2015–2016) and "Five Points" (2018–present).
Hayley Kiyoko : A new single called "Sleepover" was released alongside its music video on March 2, 2017, via BuzzFeed.
Orianthi : Orianthi was hence Michael Jackson's lead guitarist and was present on all rehearsals for his This Is It concerts before his death.
Zia Hyunsu Shin : Zia Hyunsu Shin (born July 16, 1987) is a South Korean violinist.
Lauren Beukes : She is the author of "The Shining Girls", a novel about a time-traveling serial killer and the survivor who turns the hunt around.
Lauren Beukes : It was published on 15 April 2013 by the Umuzi imprint of Random House Struik in South Africa, on 25 April 2013 by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom, and on 4 June 2013 by Mulholland Books in the United States.
Lauren Beukes : Lauren Beukes (born 5 June 1976) is a South African novelist, short story writer, journalist and television scriptwriter.
Riley Steele : In January 2011, Steele co-hosted the AVN Awards.
Riley Steele : Riley Steele (born August 26, 1987) is an American pornographic actress.
Riley Steele : Before starting her adult film career, she worked at Starbucks and at a golf course snack bar.
Liron Zarko : Liron Zarko ( ; born 23 January 1981) is an Israeli professional association football player.
Saba Qamar : Saba Qamar Zaman (Urdu: صبا قمر زمان) (born 5 April 1985), known professionally as Saba Qamar, is a Pakistani actress and television presenter.
Jenny Wallwork : Jennifer "Jenny" Wallwork (born 17 January 1987 in Bolton) is an English badminton player who has achieved international success in both the women's events and the mixed doubles event, including a Commonwealth Silver medal in 2010.
Michelle Wai : Michelle Wai (; born on November 24, 1984) is a Hong Kong actress.
Éverson Alan de Lima : The Defender played previously with Clube Atlético Juventus, Tarxien Rainbows F.C., Atlético Monte Azul, SK Dynamo České Budějovice, Red Bull Brasil, Associação Desportiva Recreativa e Cultural Icasa and Volta Redonda Futebol Clube.
Pan Chung-wei : Pan Chung-wei (; born August 10, 1976) is a former Taiwanese baseball player for had played for the La New Bears.
Quah Ting Wen : Quah Ting Wen (; born 18 August 1992) is a Singaporean competitive swimmer currently representing DC Trident at the International Swimming League.
Quah Ting Wen : She won three individual gold medals in the 50 m, 100 m and 200 m freestyle events while setting national records for all three (25.43, 55.57 and 1:59.21).
Janine Chang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gong Ji-young : Gong Ji-young (the romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea; ; born January 31, 1963) is a South Korean novelist.
Gong Ji-young : Gong has been divorced three times and has three children.
Nellie Fong : In 2003 and 2008, respectively, Fong became a member of the 10th and 11th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).
Nellie Fong : Nellie Fong Wong Kut-man, GBS, JP, FCA, FHKICPA, (; born 1949) is a Hong Kong legislator, health care activist and chartered accountant.
Stephanie Che : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stephanie Che : Stephanie Che (born 28 December 1974) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Vaguinho : Vágner Luiz da Silva (born September 13, 1981 in Mococa, Brazil) it is a Brazilian footballer.
Brigitte Lacombe : She widely published in magazines, including the "Vanity Fair", "Glamour", "The New Yorker", "GQ", the "New York Magazine" and "The New York Times Magazine".
Brigitte Lacombe : She went to the 1975 Cannes Film Festival, where she met Dustin Hoffman and Donald Sutherland and started to photograph on film sets.
Nađa Higl : Nađa Higl (Serbian Cyrillic: Нађа Хигл; born 2 January 1987) is a Serbian swimmer.
Nađa Higl : She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in 100 m breaststroke and 200 m breaststroke where she finished in qualification rounds as 43rd and 33rd respectively.
Aparna Balan : Aparna Balan (born 9 August 1986) is an Indian badminton player from Kozhikode, Kerala.
Ildikó Enyedi : Ildikó Enyedi (born 15 November 1955) is a Hungarian film director and screenwriter.
Ildikó Enyedi : Enyedi's 2017 film "On Body and Soul" premiered at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Golden Bear.
Li Lingyu : Li migrated to Canada in 1995, married a Canadian investment manager in 1997, and gave birth to a son in 2000.
Park Bom : After that, in May 2019, Park Bom released her new repackaged album "re: Blue Rose", with the single "4:44" featuring Wheein from Mamamoo.
Park Bom : In July 2018, she signed with D-Nation Entertainment and released her comeback single, "Spring", in March 2019.
Minzy : In May 2016, Minzy signed with CJ E&M's subsidiary label Music Works.
Eleanor Catton : Eleanor Catton (born 24 September 1985) is a Canadian-born New Zealand novelist and screenwriter.
Eleanor Catton : In November 2013 Catton was awarded the Canadian Governor General's Literary Award for fiction for "The Luminaries".
Eleanor Catton : The six-episode TVNZ and BBC series debuted on 17 May 2020.
Eleanor Catton : In January 2014 it was announced that Catton would be awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Literature in May at Victoria University of Wellington, where she has studied.
Eleanor Catton : In 2016, "The Rehearsal" was adapted into a film that was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
Laura Haddock : She left school at the age of 17 and moved to London to study drama.
Laura Haddock : They have a son, Pip, born in 2015 and a daughter, Margot, born in 2018.
Olivia Chow : In May 2012, Chow was named one of the top 25 Canadian immigrants in Canada by "Canadian Immigrant" magazine.
Olivia Chow : In 2005, she revealed that she had undergone surgery for thyroid cancer in 2004.
Olivia Chow : In 2007, Chow sponsored a motion calling for Japan to apologize for forcing some 200,000 women to serve as wartime sex slaves.
Sunye : She is the former leader and main vocalist of the K-pop group Wonder Girls.
Jemima Goldsmith : Jemima Marcelle Goldsmith also known as Jemima Khan (born 30 January 1974) is a British screenwriter, television, film and documentary producer and the founder of Instinct Productions, a television production company.
Oh Eun-sun : Oh Eun-sun (Korean: 오은선, Hanja: 吳銀善, born March 5, 1966) is a South Korean mountaineer.
Li Xiaoran : Li Xiaoran (; born 8 May 1976) is a Chinese actress.
Eren Keskin : She is the vice-president of the Turkish Human Rights Association (İHD) and a former president of its Istanbul branch.
Eren Keskin : Eren Keskin (born April 24, 1959 in Bursa, Turkey) is a lawyer and human rights activist in Turkey.
Eren Keskin : In 2002 she was accused by Turkey's State Security of "aiding and abetting" the PKK because of her advocacy for Kurds to use their native language in Turkey.
Eren Keskin : In 1995 she was imprisoned for her activities and was adopted as a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International.
Chelsea Johnson : Chelsea Johnson (born December 20, 1983 in Atascadero, California) is a former American pole vaulter.
Irina-Camelia Begu : 14.
Jang Seo-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jang Seo-hee : She has starred in numerous television dramas, including "Miss Mermaid" (2002) and "Temptation of Wife" (2008), which were both extremely successful in the ratings and earned Jang the highest acting prize from the MBC Drama Awards and SBS Drama Awards.
Sandra Perković : She is a two-time Olympic (2012, 2016) and World (2013, 2017) champion and a five-time European champion (2010, 2012, 2014, 2016, 2018).
Sandra Perković : Perković was a candidate at the 2015 general election in which she stood for the social democratic Milan Bandić 365 - The Party of Labour and Solidarity as second on the party list for the 2nd electoral district.
Frozan Fana : Frozan Fana (born 1969) was a candidate in the 2009 Afghan presidential election.
Satoko Okudera : After over a decade of work in live-action film and television, Okudera was offered her first animation project: adapting Yasutaka Tsutsui's novel "Toki o Kakeru Shōjo" for director Mamoru Hosoda.
Barbara Demick : She was the Beijing bureau chief of the "Los Angeles Times".
Sousan Keshavarz : Keshavarz was previously a deputy in the Education Ministry for one year.
Sousan Keshavarz : Following her nomination for the education ministry, Keshavarz's presentation of her policy agenda in late August 2009 made her the first woman ministerial nominee to address the Iranian parliament since the 1970s.
Sulli : The drama series started broadcasting on August 15, 2012 on SBS.
Lin Chiung-ying : Lin Chiung-ying (; born 2 November 1987 in Guangfu, Hualien, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese female football and futsal player.
Lin Chiung-ying : In July 2009, Lin and national teammates Tseng Shu-o and Wang Hsiang-huei participated in Canberra United FC's international trial.
Tavi Gevinson : She styled a shoot for "BlackBook" magazine, acted as a muse and model for Rodarte's clothing line at Target stores, and partnered with Borders&Frontiers to design and sell her own T-shirt.
Hoàng Thùy Linh : Hoàng Thùy Linh (born August 11, 1988) is a Vietnamese actress and V-pop singer.
Roni Dalumi : Daloomi took part in the annual children's songs' competition Festigal as Scheherazade with the song "Nigmeru Li Hamilim" (I'm Out Of Words) and won second place.
Roni Dalumi : Until the age of 12 she studied dancing at Bat-Dor Beer Sheva Municipal Dance Centre in Beersheba.
Roni Dalumi : Roni Dalumi (or Daloomi, , born September 15, 1991) is an Israeli singer and actress.
Roni Dalumi : The song, written by Binyamin Frank and composed by Ronit Shachar, is from a memorial day project by Galei Tzahal radio station called "Od Me'at Nahafoch Leshir" (Soon We'll Become A Song) that gathers lyrics and poetry by deceased IDF soldiers and have them composed and performed by Israeli artists.
Roni Dalumi : Another songs from the album "Karka'it nemucha" (a low ground) and "Yom shishi" (Friday) (like "Saturday night" in Israel) released as singles after the album released, on 2013 and 2014 (respectively).
Miyuki Hatoyama : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miyuki Hatoyama : She has listed her interests as picking vegetables, pottery and creating art from stained glass.
Miyuki Hatoyama : In the book, she claims "While my body was asleep, I think my soul rode on a triangular-shaped UFO and went to Venus...
Miyuki Hatoyama : Hatoyama was born on 28 June 1943 in Shanghai, China, to devout Protestant parents while the city was under Japanese occupation during World War II.
Pan Lingling : Phua Leng Leng (born 25 June 1970), better known as Pan Lingling, is a Singaporean actress.
Pan Lingling : Pan entered the entertainment industry in 1988 after graduating from the Singapore Broadcasting Corporation's 8th Drama Artiste Training Course.
Krystal Jung : Chrystal Soo Jung (born October 24, 1994), professionally known as Krystal, Krystal Jung or Jung Soo-jung, is a Korean-American singer and actress based in South Korea.
Krystal Jung : Krystal's departure from SM was officially announced in October 2020; she signed with H& Entertainment as her new agency.
Krystal Jung : After moving to South Korea, Jung attended Korea Kent Foreign School, then graduated from Hanlim Multi Art School on February 7, 2013, where she was honored with an achievement award.
Tina Weirather : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tina Weirather : Her mother Hanni won two overall World Cup titles (1978, 1980) and two Olympic gold medals (1980), four Olympic medals overall; uncle Andreas won the men's overall World Cup title in 1980 and 2 Olympic medals.
Jenny Slate : She was in an on-and-off relationship with fellow actor Chris Evans from May 2016 to March 2018.
Jenny Slate : After graduating from Milton Academy as the valedictorian, Slate attended Columbia University as a literature major, where she helped form the improv group Fruit Paunch, starred in the Varsity Show and met Gabe Liedman, who would become her comedy partner.
Lily Aldridge : She was also featured in the spring 2011 advertising campaign for clothing company rag & bone, and served as a photographer for the very same campaign in the following season.
Lily Aldridge : Her advertising campaigns include Rocawear, Arden B., Rag & Bone, Shiatzy Chen, Bobbi Brown, Smashbox Cosmetics, GAP, Tommy Hilfiger, Coach, JCrew, Charles David, Levi's, J Brand, Accessorize.
Lily Aldridge : She became a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2010 was given wings for the first time during that year's show.
Lily Aldridge : Aldridge made her "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" debut in 2014, as a covermodel alongside Chrissy Teigen and Nina Agdal for the issue's 50th anniversary.
Ayana Taketatsu : In January 3, 2017, Takekatsu announced that on her blog that she was changed the agency from Assemble Heart to Link Plan since January 1.
Ayana Taketatsu : On June 23, 2019, Taketatsu announced on Twitter that she had married voice actor Yūki Kaji on her 30th Birthday.
Ayana Taketatsu : Because of Taketatsu's sharp vocal tones, she would often voice tsundere characters (although sometimes she voiced mysterious or flirtatious characters) .
Anna Kournikova : Anna Sergeyevna Kournikova (Russian: ; born 7 June 1981) is a Russian-American former professional tennis player and television personality.
Ann Druyan : Druyan co-wrote six "New York Times" best-sellers with Carl Sagan, including: "Comet", "Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors", and "The Demon-Haunted World".
Britney Spears : Other singles, "Oops!...
Britney Spears : The same year, Spears embarked on the Oops!...
Britney Spears : I Did It Again", peaked at the top of the charts in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and many other European nations, while the second single "Lucky", peaked at number one in Austria, Germany, Sweden, and Switzerland.
Brigitte Bardot : After retiring, she became an animal rights activist.
Charlize Theron : Theron became an American citizen in 2007, while retaining her South African citizenship.
Drew Barrymore : Barrymore received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2004.
Drew Barrymore : Along with co-star Timothy Olyphant, Barrymore served as an executive producer on the single-camera series, which was favorably received upon its premiere; "Rolling Stone" felt that "much of [the series' laughs] comes down to the uncrushable Drew Barrymore charm" and furthermore remarked: "The show is a welcome comeback for Barrymore, the eternally beloved grunge-era wild thing—it's not just her big move into TV, but her first high-profile performance anywhere in years.
Dava Sobel : Sobel states she is a chaser of solar eclipses and that "it's the closest thing to witnessing a miracle".
Dava Sobel : Sobel made her first foray into teaching at the University of Chicago as the Vare Writer-in-Residence in the winter of 2006.
Dava Sobel : The story was made into a television movie, of the same name by Charles Sturridge and Granada Film in 1999, and was shown in the United States by A&E.
Dava Sobel : O. Wilson Literary Science Writing Award in 2012.
Dava Sobel : Dava Sobel (born June 15, 1947) is an American writer of popular expositions of scientific topics.
Enya : Enya started work on her fifth studio album, titled "A Day Without Rain", in mid-1998.
Enya : Upon its release in November 2008, "And Winter Came..." reached No.
Enya : Upon its release on 20 November 2015, "Dark Sky Island" went to No.
Enya : In November 1992, Warner had obtained the rights to "Enya" and re-released the album as "The Celts" with new artwork.
Gro Harlem Brundtland : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gro Harlem Brundtland : She married Arne Olav Brundtland on 9 December 1960.
Gro Harlem Brundtland : Gro Harlem Brundtland (] ; born Gro Harlem, 20 April 1939) is a Norwegian politician, who served three terms as Prime Minister of Norway (1981, 1986–89, and 1990–96) and as Director-General of the World Health Organization from 1998 to 2003.
Gro Harlem Brundtland : She became the first female Prime Minister of Norway on 4 February 1981, but left office on 14 October 1981; she returned as Prime Minister on 9 May 1986 and served until 16 October 1989.
Halle Berry : 1 on "FHM"'s "100 Sexiest Women in the World" the same year.
Halle Berry : Berry grew up in Oakwood, Ohio and graduated from Bedford High School where she was a cheerleader, honor student, editor of the school newspaper and prom queen.
Halle Berry : Halle Maria Berry (born Maria Halle Berry; August 14, 1966) is an American actress.
Irina Krush : Irina Borisivna Krush ( ; born December 24, 1983) is an American chess player, the only active female American Grandmaster.
Izabella Scorupco : Izabella Scorupco (born Izabela Dorota Skorupko; 4 June 1970) is a Polish-Swedish actress, singer and model.
Judit Polgár : This brought her to her highest ever rating, 2735, in the July 2005 FIDE list and enabled her to retain her spot as the eighth ranked player in the world.
Judit Polgár : Polgár is the only woman to have won a game against a reigning world number one player, and has defeated eleven current or former world champions in either rapid or classical chess: Magnus Carlsen, Anatoly Karpov, Garry Kasparov, Vladimir Kramnik, Boris Spassky, Vasily Smyslov, Veselin Topalov, Viswanathan Anand, Ruslan Ponomariov, Alexander Khalifman, and Rustam Kasimdzhanov.
J. K. Rowling : In September 2008, on the eve of the Labour Party Conference, Rowling announced that she had donated £1 million to the Labour Party, and publicly endorsed Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown over Conservative challenger David Cameron, praising Labour's policies on child poverty.
J. K. Rowling : In May 2008, bookseller Waterstones asked Rowling and 12 other writers (Lisa Appignanesi, Margaret Atwood, Lauren Child, Sebastian Faulks, Richard Ford, Neil Gaiman, Nick Hornby, Doris Lessing, Michael Rosen, Axel Scheffler, Tom Stoppard and Irvine Welsh) to compose a short piece of their own choosing on a single A5 card, which would then be sold at auction in aid of the charities Dyslexia Action and English PEN.
Joni Mitchell : <nowiki>*</nowiki>Although officially a Herbie Hancock release, Mitchell also received a Grammy due to her vocal contribution to the album.
Joni Mitchell : Roberta Joan "Joni" Mitchell {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Anderson; born November 7, 1943) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.
Joni Mitchell : Her mother's ancestors were Scottish and Irish; her father was from a Norwegian family that possibly had some Sámi ancestry.
Joni Mitchell : Led Zeppelin's "Going to California" was said to be written about Robert Plant and Jimmy Page's infatuation with Mitchell, a claim that seems to be borne out by the fact that, in live performances, Plant often says "Joni" after the line "To find a queen without a king, they say she plays guitar and cries and sings".
Julia Kristeva : Kristeva is also the founder of the Simone de Beauvoir Prize committee.
Julia Kristeva : Her sizeable body of work includes books and essays which address intertextuality, the semiotic, and abjection, in the fields of linguistics, literary theory and criticism, psychoanalysis, biography and autobiography, political and cultural analysis, art and art history.
Judy Blume : Judith Blume (née Sussman; February 12, 1938) is an American writer of children's, young adult and adult fiction.
Judy Blume : She has won many awards for her writing, including American Library Association (ALA)'s Margaret A. Edwards Award in 1996 for her contributions to young adult literature.
Julia Roberts : After graduating from Smyrna's Campbell High School, she attended Georgia State University but did not graduate.
Julia Roberts : In early 1993, she was the subject of a "People" magazine cover story asking, "What Happened to Julia Roberts?".
Julia Roberts : Together, they have three children: twins, a daughter and a son, born in November 2004, and another son born in June 2007.
Julia Roberts : In 1989, she was featured in "Steel Magnolias", as a young bride with diabetes, and received both her first Academy Award nomination (as Best Supporting Actress) and first Golden Globe Award win (Motion Picture Best Supporting Actress) for her performance.
Kylie Minogue : Minogue was in a relationship with model Andrés Velencoso from 2008 to 2013.
Kylie Minogue : Its success resulted in Minogue travelling to England with Mushroom Records executive Gary Ashley to work with producers Stock, Aitken & Waterman.
Kylie Minogue : Minogue became the first person to win four Logie Awards in one year and was the youngest recipient of the "Gold Logie" as the country's "Most Popular Television Performer", with the result determined by public vote.
Kylie Minogue : Her father, Ronald Charles Minogue, is an accountant at a family-owned car company; her mother, Carol Minogue ("née" Ann Jones), is a former ballet dancer.
Kylie Minogue : She gave several live performances in Australia, including the 1998 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras, and the opening ceremonies of Melbourne's Crown Casino, and Sydney's Fox Studios in 1999 (where she performed Marilyn Monroe's "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend") as well as a Christmas concert in Dili, East Timor, in association with the United Nations Peace-Keeping Forces.
Kate Bush : The album's songs are built around Bush's quietly jazzy piano and Steve Gadd's drums, and use both sung and spoken word vocals in what "Classic Rock" critic Stephen Dalton calls "a ... supple and experimental affair, with a contemporary chamber pop sound grounded in crisp piano, minimal percussion and light-touch electronics ... billowing jazz-rock soundscapes, interwoven with fragmentary narratives delivered in a range of voices from shrill to Laurie Anderson-style cooing".
Kirsten Dunst : She now holds dual American and German citizenship.
Kirsten Dunst : She worked in support of breast cancer awareness, participating in the Stand Up to Cancer telethon in September 2008 in order to raise funds for cancer research.
Kirsten Dunst : She supported Barack Obama during the 2008 presidential election, and directed and narrated a documentary, "Why Tuesday", about the tradition of voting on Tuesdays and low voter turnout in the United States, to "influence people in a positive way".
Kirsten Dunst : Her parents separated in 1993, and she subsequently moved with her mother and brother to Los Angeles, where she attended Laurel Hall School in North Hollywood and Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks.
Laura Bush : After attaining her master's degree in library science at the University of Texas at Austin, she was employed as a librarian.
Laura Bush : Laura Lane Welch was born on November 4, 1946, at Midland Memorial Hospital in Midland, Texas, the only child of Harold Welch and Jenna Louise Hawkins Welch.
Louise Erdrich : Louise Erdrich ( ; born Karen Louise Erdrich, June 7, 1954) is an American author, writer of novels, poetry, and children's books featuring Native American characters and settings.
Lilia Podkopayeva : In 2014, Podkopayeva did a gala event in Mexico, using similar choreography to the floor routine she performed in Atlanta, as well as doing back handsprings and round-offs.
Lilia Podkopayeva : In 2005, Podkopayeva became a United Nations goodwill ambassador on HIV/AIDS in Ukraine.
Lilia Podkopayeva : They have two children: Vadym, adopted in Ukraine in July 2006, and Karolina, born in November 2006.
Lilia Podkopayeva : In 2002, Podkopayeva started the Golden Lilia International Sports Festival, an exhibition featuring artistic and rhythmic gymnasts, acrobats, and dancers.
Lois McMaster Bujold : Lois McMaster Bujold ( ; born November 2, 1949) is an American speculative fiction writer.
Lois McMaster Bujold : She attended Ohio State University from 1968 to 1972.
Liv Ullmann : She later directed Blanchett in the play "A Streetcar Named Desire", by Tennessee Williams, at the Sydney Theatre Company in Sydney, which was performed September through October 2009, and then continued from 29 October to 21 November 2009 at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., where it won a Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Non-resident Production as well as actress and supporting performer for 2009.
Martina Hingis : Hingis began playing tennis when she was two years old and entered her first tournament at age four.
Maya Lin : In 2003, Lin was chosen to serve on the selection jury of the World Trade Center Site Memorial Competition.
Maya Lin : Maya Ying Lin (born October 5, 1959) is an American designer and sculptor.
Maya Lin : In 1994, she was the subject of the Academy Award-winning documentary "".
Mariah Carey : On October 2, 2020, Carey released a compilation album called "The Rarities", following a lead single "Save the Day" featuring Lauryn Hill released on August 20.
Mariah Carey : On December 31, 2009, Carey embarked on her seventh concert tour, Angels Advocate Tour, which visited the United States and Canada and ended on September 26, 2010.
Mariah Carey : On January 30, 2015, it was announced that Carey had left Universal Music Group's Def Jam Recordings to reunite with L.A. Reid and Sony Music via Epic Records.
Mariah Carey : The first leg included six shows, running from December 15 to 22, 2014.
Madhuri Dixit : In 2013, Dixit launched her own online dance academy "Dance With Madhuri", where the users get an opportunity to learn to dance various dance styles and have one-on-one lessons.
Monica Lewinsky : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky hosted the reality television dating program, "Mr.
Monica Lewinsky : After Clinton's autobiography, "My Life", appeared in 2004, Lewinsky said in an interview with the British tabloid "Daily Mail":
Monica Lewinsky : During her decade out of the public eye, Lewinsky lived in London, Los Angeles, New York, and Portland but, due to her notoriety, had trouble finding employment in the communications and marketing jobs for nonprofit organizations where she had been interviewed.
Monica Lewinsky : Clinton and Lewinsky were both called before a grand jury; he testified via closed-circuit television, she in person.
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky stated that she had nine sexual encounters in the Oval Office with President Bill Clinton between November 1995 and March 1997.
Monica Lewinsky : In July 2014, Lewinsky was interviewed in a three-part television special for the National Geographic Channel, titled "The 90s: The Last Great Decade".
Monica Lewinsky : In March 2002, Lewinsky, no longer bound by the terms of her immunity agreement, appeared in the HBO special, "Monica in Black and White", part of the "America Undercover" series.
Monica Lewinsky : With the assistance of a family connection, Lewinsky got an unpaid summer White House internship in the office of White House Chief of Staff Leon Panetta.
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky did correspond in 2009 with scholar Ken Gormley, who was writing an in-depth study of the Clinton scandals, maintaining that Clinton had lied under oath when asked detailed and specific questions about his relationship with her.
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky's name surfaced during the discovery phase of Jones' case, when Jones' lawyers sought to show a pattern of behavior by Clinton which involved inappropriate sexual relationships with other government employees.
Monica Lewinsky : She attended Beverly Hills High School for her first three years of high school, before transferring to Bel Air Prep (later known as Pacific Hills School) for her senior year and graduating in 1991.
Monica Lewinsky : Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American activist, television personality, fashion designer, and former White House intern.
Monica Lewinsky : In September 1999, she took this interest further by beginning to sell a line of handbags bearing her name, under the company name The Real Monica, Inc.
Monica Lewinsky : In February 2000, she appeared on MTV's "The Tom Green Show", in an episode in which the host took her to his parents' home in Ottawa in search of fabric for her new handbag business.
Monica Lewinsky : In June 1999, "Ms." magazine published a series of articles by writer Susan Jane Gilman, sexologist Susie Bright, and author-host Abiola Abrams arguing from three generations of women whether Lewinsky's behavior had any meaning for feminism.
Monica Lewinsky : Nevertheless, the show debuted to very high ratings, and Alessandra Stanley wrote in "The New York Times": "after years of trying to cash in on her fame by designing handbags and other self-marketing schemes, Ms. Lewinsky has finally found a fitting niche on television."
Miranda Richardson : Miranda Jane Richardson (born 3 March 1958) is an English actress.
Nicole Kidman : Kidman has a younger sister, Antonia Kidman, a journalist and TV presenter.
Nicole Kidman : She met musician Lenny Kravitz in 2003, and dated him into 2004.
Nancy Sinatra : Sinatra also had a brief acting career in the mid-1960s, including a co-starring role with Elvis Presley in the movie "Speedway", and with Peter Fonda in "The Wild Angels".
Nancy Sinatra : Nancy Sandra Sinatra (born June 8, 1940) is an American singer and actress.
Nancy Sinatra : Other defining recordings include "Sugar Town", the 1967 number one "Somethin' Stupid" (a duet with her father), the title song from the James Bond film "You Only Live Twice", several collaborations with Lee Hazlewood, such as "Jackson", "Summer Wine" and her cover of Cher's "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)".
Naoko Takeuchi : Takeuchi started to work on the reprints of "Sailor Moon" and "Sailor V", and published "Toki*Meca" in "Nakayoshi".
Naomi Klein : Klein contributes to "The Nation", "In These Times", "The Globe and Mail", "This Magazine", "Harper's Magazine", and "The Guardian", and is a senior contributor for "The Intercept".
Naomi Klein : Klein's "Fences and Windows" (2002) is a collection of her articles and speeches written on behalf of the anti-globalization movement (all proceeds from the book go to benefit activist organizations through The Fences and Windows Fund).
Naomi Klein : The book became an international and "New York Times" bestseller and was translated into 28 languages.
Naomi Klein : The book argues that the free market policies of Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman and the Chicago School of Economics have risen to prominence in countries such as Chile, under Pinochet, Poland, Russia, under Yeltsin.
Naomi Klein : Naomi A. Klein (born May 8, 1970) is a Canadian author, social activist, and filmmaker known for her political analyses and criticism of corporate globalization and of capitalism.
Patti Smith : The song "Qana" was about the Israeli airstrike on the Lebanese village of Qana.
Penélope Cruz : 7.
Penélope Cruz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penélope Cruz : She shared a Best Actress award at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival with five of her co-stars, as well as receiving a Goya Award and European Film Award, and was nominated for the Golden Globe, the Screen Actors Guild Award, the BAFTA Award, and the Academy Award for Best Actress in a leading role.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson became the celebrity spokesperson for the American Liver Foundation, and served as the Grand Marshal of the SOS motorcycle ride fundraiser.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson advocates for animal rights, and is an active member of the animal protection organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA).
Pamela Anderson : On July 18, 2006, it was announced that she would marry Kid Rock on July 29, 2006, on a yacht near Saint-Tropez, France.
Paula Abdul : She does not wear real fur.
Paula Abdul : Abdul is a dog lover who raised awareness about National Guide Dog Month in May 2009, and she teamed up with Dick Van Patten to help people with blindness to have more independence through the help of guide dogs.
Paula Abdul : In August 2005, the Fox network confirmed that Abdul would be returning to the show, as the investigation had found "insufficient evidence that the communications between Mr. Clark and Ms. Abdul in any way aided his performance."
Paula Abdul : After reading these allegations on message boards, Abdul told "[[People (American magazine)|People]]" in April 2005 that she had suffered from chronic pain for years following a "cheerleading accident" at age 17 and was diagnosed with [[complex regional pain syndrome|reflex sympathetic dystrophy]] (RSD) in November 2004; she added that she was pain-free following treatment with anti-inflammatory medication.
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden : On 17 August 2011, the Swedish royal court announced that Crown Princess Victoria was pregnant and expecting the couple's first child in March 2012.
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden : In June 2009, she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Uppsala University.
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden : After a press release from the Royal Court in November 1997 announced that Victoria had eating disorders, she moved to the United States where she received professional treatment and studied at Yale University.
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden : If she ascends to the throne as expected, she would be Sweden's fourth queen regnant (after Margaret, Christina and Ulrika Eleonora) and the first since 1720.
Robin Wright : Wright was born in Fort Worth, Texas, to Gayle Gaston, a cosmetics saleswoman, and Freddie Wright, a pharmaceutical company employee.
Robin Wright : Wright starred as Claire Underwood in the Netflix political drama streaming television series "House of Cards", for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 2013, making her the first actress to win a Golden Globe for a streaming television series.
Robin Wright : This role led Wright to further success in the film industry, with starring roles in films such as "Forrest Gump" (1994), the romantic drama "Message in a Bottle" (1999), the superhero drama-thriller "Unbreakable" (2000), the historical drama "The Conspirator" (2010), the biographical sports drama "Moneyball" (2011), the mystery thriller "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" (2011), the biographical drama "Everest" (2015), the superhero film "Wonder Woman" (2017), and the neo-noir science fiction film "Blade Runner 2049" (2017).
Rumiko Takahashi : And yet, that doesn't mean my books can't be enjoyed by English-speaking readers.
Shannon Elizabeth : In high school, she was a member of the tennis team and at one point considered a professional tennis career.
Shannon Elizabeth : Elizabeth was born in Houston, Texas, to a father of Lebanese-Syrian origin, and to a mother of German, English and Irish ancestry.
Sheryl Crow : Sheryl Suzanne Crow (born February 11, 1962) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and actress.
Sheryl Crow : Sheryl Suzanne Crow was born in Kennett, Missouri, the daughter of Bernice (née Cain), a piano teacher, and Wendell Wyatt Crow, a lawyer and trumpet player.
Sarah Michelle Gellar : Sarah Michelle Gellar (born April 14, 1977) is an American actress, producer, and entrepreneur.
Susan Faludi : Susan graduated from Harvard University with an AB summa cum laude in 1981, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and wrote for "The Harvard Crimson", and became a journalist, writing for "The New York Times", "Miami Herald", "Atlanta Journal Constitution", "San Jose Mercury News", and "The Wall Street Journal", among other publications.
Shania Twain : In Timmins, Twain started singing at bars at the age of eight to try to help pay her family's bills; she often earned $20 between midnight and 1 a.m. performing for remaining customers after the bar had finished serving alcohol.
Sandra Bullock : Bullock was once engaged to actor Tate Donovan, whom she met while filming "Love Potion No.
Sandra Bullock : Sandra Annette Bullock ( ; born July 26, 1964) is an American actress and producer.
Sandra Bullock : On March 24, 2005, Bullock received a motion picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Sandra Bullock : She was selected as one of "People" magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People in the world in 1996 and 1999 and was also ranked number 58 on "Empire" magazine's Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time list.
Tarja Halonen : Tarja Kaarina Halonen (] ( ) ; born 24 December 1943) is a Finnish politician who served as the 11th President of Finland, and the first woman to hold the position, from 2000 to 2012.
Tori Amos : Myra Ellen "Tori" Amos (born August 22, 1963) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist.
The Wachowskis : In 2003, they created Burlyman Entertainment and released comic books based on "The Matrix" as well as two original bi-monthly series:
The Wachowskis : In a 2007 interview, Joel Silver, the producer of numerous Wachowski films, said that the rumors concerning the transition were "all untrue", saying that "they just don't do interviews, so people make things up."
The Wachowskis : Lana completed her transition after "Speed Racer"' s release in 2008, and by at least December 2010, trade magazines and newspapers referred to her as "Lana Wachowski", and to the duo as "Andy and Lana Wachowski".
Winona Ryder : Her relationship with Johnny Depp in the early 1990s and a 2001 arrest for shoplifting were both subjects of tabloid journalism.
Winona Ryder : In December 2002, she was sentenced to three years of probation, 480 hours of community service, $3,700 in fines, and $6,355 in restitution to the Saks Fifth Avenue store, and she was ordered to attend psychological and drug counseling.
Winona Ryder : Winona Laura Horowitz (born October 29, 1971), known professionally as Winona Ryder, is an American actress.
Wendy Carlos : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoko Ono : Two weeks before Ono's birth, Eisuke was transferred to San Francisco by his employer, the Yokohama Specie Bank.
Yoko Ono : Yoko Ono Lennon ( ; , ; born February 18, 1933) is a Japanese multimedia artist, singer, songwriter and peace activist.
Ilona Staller : Ilona Staller (born 26 November 1951), widely known by her stage name Cicciolina ("little chubby"), is a Hungarian-Italian former porn star, politician, and singer.
Laetitia Casta : Laetitia Casta was born in Pont-Audemer, Normandy, France.
Laetitia Casta : In 1999, Casta was ranked first in a national survey ordered by the French Mayors' Association to decide who should be the new model for the bust of "Marianne", an allegorical symbol of the French Republic, which stands inside every French town hall.
Denise Richards : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Denise Richards : In March 2005, while pregnant with their second daughter, Richards filed for divorce from Sheen.
Denise Richards : Dennis Richards (born February 17, 1971) is an American actress, former fashion model, and television personality.
Stevie Case : She was approached by "Playboy" to appear in a nude pictorial, based on an interview she did in the "Los Angeles Times".
Stevie Case : Stevana "Stevie" Case (born September 7, 1976) is an American businesswoman and executive, former video game designer and former competitive "Quake" player.
Natalie Portman : Portman has professed an interest in foreign languages since childhood and has studied French, Japanese, German, and Arabic.
Natalie Portman : Natalie Portman (born Natalie Hershlag, ; (1981--) 9, 1981 ) is an Israeli-born American actress, director and producer.
Cameron Diaz : Diaz has also written two health books: "The Body Book" (2013), a "New York Times" bestseller, and "The Longevity Book" (2016).
Cameron Diaz : Cameron Michelle Diaz (born August 30, 1972) is a retired American actress who is also an author, producer, and model.
Gwyneth Paltrow : ".
Gwyneth Paltrow : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sandra Day O'Connor : Wade."
Sandra Day O'Connor : Wade."
Sandra Day O'Connor : Wade."
Sandra Day O'Connor : In October 2018, O'Connor announced her effective retirement from public life after disclosing that she had been diagnosed with the early stages of Alzheimer's-like dementia.
Sandra Day O'Connor : Sandra Day O'Connor (born March 26, 1930) is a retired attorney and politician who served as the first woman associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1981 to 2006.
Nelly Furtado : "The Spirit Indestructible" was released in September 2012.
Nelly Furtado : Furtado has acknowledged her family as the source of her strong work ethic; she spent eight summers working as a chambermaid with her mother, along with her brother and sister, who was a housekeeper in Victoria.
Nelly Furtado : Furtado continued the collaboration with Eaton and West, who co-produced her debut album, "Whoa, Nelly!
Nelly Furtado : Nelly Kim Furtado {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'ComIH', '4': "} ( ; Portuguese: ] ; born 2 December 1978) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and record producer.
Nelly Furtado : Furtado's music has also been influenced by her current residence, Toronto, which she calls "the most multicultural city in the entire world" and a place where she "can be any culture".
Nelly Furtado : Following the release of the album, Furtado headlined the "Burn in the Spotlight Tour" and also appeared on Moby's "Area:One" tour.
Nelly Furtado : At the age of 12, she began writing songs, and as a teenager, she performed in a Portuguese marching band.
Nelly Furtado : Regarding Toronto's cultural diversity, she has said that she did not have to wait for the Internet revolution to learn about world music; she began listening to it at the age of five and continues to discover new genres.
Nelly Furtado : She cites diverse influences, including Madonna, Mariah Carey, Blondie, Prince, The Police, Eurythmics, Talking Heads, De La Soul, TLC, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Amália Rodrigues, Caetano Veloso, Juanes, Jeff Buckley, Esthero, Björk, Cornershop, Oasis, Radiohead, The Smashing Pumpkins, U2 and Beck.
Sophie Marceau : They have a daughter, Juliette (born June 2002 in London).
Sophie Marceau : Sophie Marceau (] ; born Sophie Danièle Sylvie Maupu, 17 November 1966) is a French actress, director, screenwriter, and author.
Sophie Marceau : She was born 17 November 1966 in Paris, the second child of Simone (née Morisset), a shop assistant (d. 2016), and Benoît Maupu, a truck driver.
Sophie Marceau : In 2002, Marceau made her directorial debut in the feature film "Speak to Me of Love", for which she was named Best Director at the Montreal World Film Festival.
Sharon Stone : It couldn't have happened at a better time".
Sharon Stone : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sharon Stone : Sharon Vonne Stone (born March 10, 1958) is an American actress, producer, and former fashion model.
Rebecca De Mornay : De Mornay married writer Bruce Wagner on December 16, 1986; they divorced in 1990.
Rebecca De Mornay : Rebecca De Mornay (born Rebecca Jane Pearch; August 29, 1959) is an American actress and producer.
Alyson Hannigan : Her father is of Irish ancestry and her mother is Jewish.
Alyson Hannigan : Hannigan married her "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" co-star Alexis Denisof at Two Bunch Palms Resort in Desert Hot Springs, California, on October 11, 2003.
Alyson Hannigan : Hannigan was born in Washington, D.C., the only child of Emilie (Posner) Haas, a real-estate agent, and Alan Hannigan, a Teamsters trucker.
Rosie O'Donnell : ...
Rosie O'Donnell : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rosie O'Donnell : After a series of television and film roles that introduced her to a larger national audience, O'Donnell hosted her own syndicated daytime talk show, "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", between 1996 and 2002, which won several Daytime Emmy Awards.
Rosie O'Donnell : Roseann O'Donnell (born March 21, 1962) is an American comedian, producer, actress, author, and television personality.
Thora Birch : Thora Birch (born March 11, 1982) is an American actress and producer.
Thora Birch : Birch rose to prominence as a child star with appearances in films, such as "All I Want for Christmas" (1991), "Patriot Games" (1992), "Hocus Pocus" (1993), "Monkey Trouble" (1994), "Now and Then" (1995), and "Alaska" (1996).
Helen Hunt : In 2001, Hunt began a relationship with producer Matthew Carnahan.
Helen Hunt : They married in 1999, and divorced 17 months later.
Helen Hunt : Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress and filmmaker.
Helen Hunt : Hunt rose to fame portraying Jamie Buchman in the sitcom "Mad About You" (1992–1999, 2019), which earned her three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy and four Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.
Catherine Deneuve : Deneuve began appearing in the new Louis Vuitton luggage advertisements in 2007.
Catherine Deneuve : Catherine Fabienne Dorléac (born 22 October 1943), known professionally as Catherine Deneuve ( ; ] ( ) ), is a French actress as well as an occasional singer, model and producer, considered one of the greatest European actresses.
Jane Goodall : Today, Goodall devotes virtually all of her time to advocacy on behalf of chimpanzees and the environment, travelling nearly 300 days a year.
Vera Wang : Several movies and television shows have featured Wang's works.
Vera Wang : In 1968, Wang was presented as a debutante to high society at the International Debutante Ball at the Waldorf Astoria New York.
Vera Wang : Vera Ellen Wang (; born June 27, 1949) is an American fashion designer.
Vera Wang : Wang attended Friends Seminary, graduated from Chapin School in 1967, attended the University of Paris, and earned a degree in art history from Sarah Lawrence College.
Vera Wang : She has since opened bridal boutiques in New York, London, Tokyo, and Sydney and has also expanded her brand through her fragrance, jewelry, eyewear, shoes, and homeware collections.
Vera Wang : Forbes placed her the 34th in the list America's Richest Self-Made Women 2018, her revenues rising to $630 million in that year.
Vera Wang : In June 2012, she expanded in Australia with the opening of "Vera Wang Bride Sydney" and her first Asian flagship store "Vera Wang Bridal Korea", helmed by President Jung Mi-ri, in upmarket neighborhood Cheongdam-dong in Gangnam-gu, Seoul.
Goldie Hawn : Hawn had made her feature film debut in a bit role as a giggling dancer in the 1968 film "The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band", in which she was billed as "Goldie Jeanne", but in her first major film role, in "Cactus Flower" (1969), she won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress as Walter Matthau's suicidal fiancée.
Angela Davis : Primary Sources
Angela Davis : She visited Eastern Bloc countries in the 1970s and during the 1980s was twice the Communist Party's candidate for Vice President; at this time, she also held the position of professor of ethnic studies at San Francisco State University.
Angela Davis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Angela Davis : At their September 19, 1969, meeting, the Board of Regents fired Davis from her $10,000-a-year post because of her membership in the Communist Party, urged on by California Governor Ronald Reagan.
Amy Tan : During this period, Amy learned about her mother's previous marriage to another man in China, of their four children (a son who died as a toddler and three daughters), and how her mother left these children behind in Shanghai.
Amy Tan : Amy Ruth Tan (born February 19, 1952) is an American author known for the novel "The Joy Luck Club," which was adapted into a film of the same name in 1993 by director Wayne Wang.
Amy Tan : Sau-ling Cynthia Wong, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, wrote that Tan's novels "appear to possess the authority of authenticity but are often products of the American-born writer's own heavily mediated understanding of things Chinese".
Joan Baez : In 1989, after the Tiananmen Massacre in Beijing, Baez wrote and released the song "China" to condemn the Chinese government for its violent and bloody crackdown on thousands of student protesters who called for establishment of democratic republicanism.
Melinda Gates : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melinda Gates : Melinda graduated as valedictorian from Ursuline Academy of Dallas in 1982.
Melinda Gates : She earned a bachelor's degree in computer science and economics from Duke University in 1986 and an MBA from Duke's Fuqua School of Business in 1987.
Melinda Gates : She chaired a campaign for the hospital to fundraise $300 million to expand facilities, fund under-compensated and uncompensated care, and grow the hospital's research program to find cures and treatments.
Melinda Gates : They have three children: Jennifer, Phoebe and Rory Gates.
Martha Argerich : Argerich was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Martha Argerich : Martha Argerich ( ]; ] ; born 5 June 1941) is an Argentine-Swiss classical concert pianist.
Martha Argerich : Argerich performed her debut concert at the age of 8, playing Mozart's Piano Concerto No.
Kate Winslet : They married in November 1998 at her primary school in Reading, and she gave birth to their daughter, Mia, in 2000.
Joan Collins : Dame Joan Henrietta Collins, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 23 May 1933) is an English actress, author, and columnist.
Olivia Newton-John : 1).
Olivia Newton-John : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Whoopi Goldberg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Whoopi Goldberg : In 1999, she received the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation Vanguard Award for her continued work in supporting the gay and lesbian community, as well as the Women in Film Crystal Award for outstanding women who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry.
Juliette Binoche : On 7 February 2006, Binoche attended a high-profile demonstration organized by Reporters Without Borders in support of Jill Carroll and two Iraqi journalists who had been abducted in Baghdad.
Hanni Wenzel : Hannelore (Hanni) Wenzel (born 14 December 1956) is a former alpine ski racer from Liechtenstein, an Olympic, World Cup, and world champion.
Alicia Keys : Keys opened a recording studio in Long Island, New York, called The Oven Studios, which she co-owns with her production and songwriting partner Kerry "Krucial" Brothers.
Janet Jackson : ".
Janet Jackson : titled "Why Did I Get Married Too?".
Janet Jackson : In April 2010, Jackson reprised her role in the sequel to "Why Did I Get Married?"
Janet Jackson : After her second album, Jackson terminated business affairs with her family, commenting "I just wanted to get out of the house, get out from under my father, which was one of the most difficult things that I had to do."
Janet Jackson : Janet Damita Jo Jackson was born on May 16, 1966, in Gary, Indiana, the youngest of ten children, to Katherine Esther (née Scruse) and Joseph Walter Jackson.
Danielle Steel : Danielle Fernandes Dominique Schuelein-Steel (born August 14, 1947) is an American writer, best known for her romance novels.
Michelle Pfeiffer : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Michelle Pfeiffer : Michelle Marie Pfeiffer ( ; born April 29, 1958) is an American actress.
Michelle Pfeiffer : Michelle Marie Pfeiffer was born on April 29, 1958, in Santa Ana, California, the second of four children of Richard Pfeiffer (1933–1998), an air-conditioning contractor, and Donna Jean ("née" Taverna; 1932–2018), a housewife.
Meryl Streep : To find the thing that I could feel through."
Meryl Streep : That was an important lesson—not to do that.
Meryl Streep : She gave a speech at the 2016 Democratic National Convention in support of presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Meryl Streep : She was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2004, Gala Tribute from the Film Society of Lincoln Center in 2008, and Kennedy Center Honor in 2011 for her contribution to American culture, through performing arts.
Meryl Streep : President Barack Obama awarded her the 2010 National Medal of Arts, and in 2014, the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Jane Fonda : She was photographed sitting on a North Vietnamese anti-aircraft gun on a 1972 visit to Hanoi, during which she gained the nickname "Hanoi Jane".
Vanessa Redgrave : 1965).
Vanessa Redgrave : It premiered at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.
Asia Carrera : Asia Carrera Lemmon (born Jessica Steinhauser, August 6, 1973) is an American former pornographic actress.
Patty Hearst : Patricia Campbell Hearst (born February 20, 1954) is an American author and actress, and a granddaughter of American publishing magnate William Randolph Hearst.
Cathy Freeman : In 2007 Freeman founded the Cathy Freeman Foundation.
Cathy Freeman : Competing at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Canada, Freeman won gold in both the 200 m and 400 m. She also competed as a member of Australia's 4 × 100 m squad, winning the silver medal and as a member of the 4 × 400 m team, who finished first but were later disqualified after Freeman obstructed the Nigerian runner.
Maria Mutola : Maria de Lurdes Mutola (born 27 October 1972) is a retired female track and field athlete from Mozambique who specialised in the 800 metres running event.
Jessica Lange : She was also a public critic of former U.S. President George W. Bush, once calling his administration "a self-serving regime of deceit, hypocrisy and belligerence", and has been a human rights supporter of the Buddhist monks in Nepal.
Isabella Rossellini : Isabella Fiorella Elettra Giovanna Rossellini (born 18 June 1952) is an Italian-American actress, author, philanthropist, and former model.
Jamie Lee Curtis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jamie Lee Curtis : Curtis has an older sister, Kelly Curtis, who is also an actress, and several half-siblings (all from her father's remarriages): Alexandra, actress Allegra Curtis, Benjamin, and Nicholas Curtis (who died in 1994 of a drug overdose).
Pauline Hanson : I don't want the advisers and everyone else.
Pauline Hanson : She accounted for her declining popularity by claiming that the Liberals under John Howard had stolen her policies.
Ginger Lynn : Allen had a relationship with Charlie Sheen from 1990 to 1992 and accompanied him through drug rehabilitation.
Ginger Lynn : She also had a long-term relationship with Los Angeles radio personality Ralph Garman.
Ginger Lynn : Born and raised in Rockford, Illinois, Ginger Lynn Allen moved to California in 1982 to become her grandfather's caregiver following his heart attack.
Barbra Streisand : Her second husband is actor James Brolin, whom she married on July 1, 1998.
Barbra Streisand : Her first husband was actor Elliott Gould, whom she married on September 13, 1963.
Barbra Streisand : Streisand changed her name from "Barbara" to "Barbra" because, she said, "I hated the name, but I refused to change it."
Barbra Streisand : In 1969 and 1970, Streisand dated Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau.
Marion Jones : Jones had never failed a drug test using the then-existing testing procedures, and insufficient evidence was found to bring charges regarding other untested performance-enhancing drugs.
Marion Jones : She was released from prison on September 5, 2008.
Marion Jones : On February 24, 2007, Jones married Barbadian sprinter and 2000 Olympic 100m bronze medalist Obadele Thompson.
Marion Jones : At the 1999 World Championships, Jones attempted to win four titles, but injured herself in the 200 m after a gold in the 100 m and a long jump bronze.
Marion Jones : Peter Ueberroth, Chairman of the US Olympic Committee, reacted to the news of Jones's confession and guilty plea on perjury charges by issuing a statement calling on Jones to "immediately step forward and return the Olympic medals she won while competing in violation of the rules".
Angela Merkel : ...
Angela Merkel : ...
Zhang Ziyi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Ziyi : Zhang obtained Hong Kong residency in 2007 through the Quality Migrant Admission Scheme for her contribution to the local film industry.
Zhang Ziyi : On 27 December 2015, Zhang gave birth to their daughter Wang Xingxing.
Zhang Ziyi : Her most critically acclaimed works are "Memoirs of a Geisha" (2005), which earned her nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role; and "The Grandmaster" (2013), for which she won 12 different Best Actress awards to become the most awarded Chinese actress for a single film.
Larisa Latynina : Latynina retired after the 1966 World Championships and became a coach for the Soviet national gymnastics team, a position she held until 1977.
Larisa Latynina : After a very successful World Championships in 1958 (winning five out of six titles despite competing whilst four months pregnant and medaling in every event), Latynina was the favorite for the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Nadia Comăneci : In 2006, the couple's son Dylan was born.
Nadia Comăneci : She personally funded the construction and operation of the Nadia Comăneci Children's Clinic in Bucharest that provides low-cost and free medical and social support to Romanian children.
Nadia Comăneci : In 2001 she became a naturalized United States citizen, and has dual citizenship, also maintaining her Romanian citizenship.
Nadia Comăneci : Comăneci is a well-known figure in the world of gymnastics; she serves as the honorary president of the Romanian Gymnastics Federation, the honorary president of the Romanian Olympic Committee, the sports ambassador of Romania, and as a member of the International Gymnastics Federation Foundation.
Jenna Jameson : Die Autobiographie" in November 2005, and Spanish as "Cómo Hacer El Amor Igual Que Una Estrella Porno" in January 2006.
Jenna Jameson : Jameson was featured and interviewed on the British television show "European Blue Review" on Channel 5.
Jenna Jameson : Jameson announced in August 2008 that she and Ortiz were expecting twins in April 2009.
Jenna Jameson : She has said: "I've always embraced my hard-core roots, but becoming a household name was an important thing to me."
Jenna Jameson : In the months following the publication of her autobiography, she was interviewed on NBC, CNBC, Fox News, and CNN, and the book was reviewed by "The New York Times", "Reuters", and other major media outlets.
Jenna Jameson : Jameson got her first breast implants on July 28, 1994, to enhance her stripping and movie careers.
Jenna Jameson : In November 2001, the Oxford Union debating society invited Jameson to come to Oxford to argue against the proposition "The House Believes that Porn is Harmful."
Jenna Jameson : Jack was a tattoo artist and gave her the first of a series of tattoos, one of which would become her trademark tattoo, two hearts on her right buttock.
Jenna Jameson : In April 2007, Tera Patrick and her production company Teravision filed a lawsuit against Jameson and Playboy Enterprises for failing to properly account for and pay royalties on revenue earned by Patrick's website, clubtera.com.
Jenna Jameson : After viewing undercover videos of chicken production, Jameson agreed to do a short video for PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals as part of the group's campaign against KFC's treatment of chickens.
Jenna Jameson : Besides dancing, starting later in 1991, she posed for nude photographs for photographer Suze Randall in Los Angeles, with the intention of getting into "Penthouse".
Jenna Jameson : In March 2007, Jameson was reportedly missing meetings with producers, thus endangering the movie, due to problems with a recent vaginoplasty.
Jenna Jameson : By 2001, Jameson earned $60,000 for a day and a half of filming a single DVD, and $8,000 per night dancing at strip clubs.
Jenna Jameson : In August 2007, Jameson had her breast implants removed, reducing her from a D to a C cup; she also said she was finished with appearing on camera in pornographic films, though she would continue running ClubJenna, which was grossing $30 million per year.
Jenna Jameson : An interview with Jameson contained in the 1999 Abercrombie & Fitch "A&F Quarterly" was part of the motivation for Michigan Attorney General Jennifer Granholm and Illinois Lieutenant Governor Corinne Wood to speak out against the hybrid magazine-catalog.
Jenna Jameson : Playboy CEO Christie Hefner said that she expected to rapidly increase film production, producing about thirty features in the first year, and will expand the way they are sold, not only as DVDs but through TV channels, video-on-demand services, and mobile phones.
Tatiana Gutsu : Tatiana Gutsu, rarely Tetiana Hutsu, ( , ; born September 5, 1976, in Odessa, Ukrainian SSR) is a former artistic gymnast from the Soviet Union and the winner of the all-around title at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Julie Andrews : Her performance earned her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical, as well as a nomination for the 1982 Academy Award for Best Actress, her third Oscar nomination.
Julie Andrews : Dame Julie Andrews {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born Julia Elizabeth Wells; 1 October 1935) is an English actress, singer, and author.
Julie Andrews : Her mother, Barbara Ward Wells (née Morris; 1910–1984) was born in Chertsey and married Edward Charles "Ted" Wells (1908–1990), a teacher of metalwork and woodwork, in 1932.
Uma Thurman : Uma Karuna Thurman (born April 29, 1970) is an American actress, writer, producer and model.
Diane Abbott : Her father was a welder and her mother was a nurse.
Diane Abbott : Abbott was born to Jamaican parents in Paddington, City of Westminster, London, in 1953.
Diane Abbott : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Diane Abbott : Abbott has a record of differing from some party policies, voting against the Iraq War, opposing ID cards and campaigning against the renewal of Britain's Trident nuclear weapons.
Diane Abbott : Diane Julie Abbott {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 27 September 1953) is a British politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hackney North and Stoke Newington since 1987.
Vandana Shiva : She participated in the Stock Exchange of Visions project in 2007.
Mira Nair : Released in 1987, "Children of a Desired Sex" exposed the aborting of female fetuses due to society's favoring male offspring.
Mira Nair : "Salaam Bombay!"
Mira Nair : It was criticized by Nair's family.
Mira Nair : In 2001, with The Laughing Club of India, she explored laughter based on yoga.
Mira Nair : Among her best known films are "Mississippi Masala", "", "The Namesake", the Golden Lion winning "Monsoon Wedding", and "Salaam Bombay!
Mira Nair : The film was awarded the Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival, making Nair the first female recipient of the award.
Astrid Kirchherr : Although Kirchherr shot very few photographs after 1967, her early work has been exhibited in Hamburg, Bremen, London, Liverpool, New York City, Washington, D.C., Tokyo, Vienna and at the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame.
Tina Turner : Turner's first solo album, "Tina Turns the Country On!
Tina Turner : 9.
Tina Turner : After his death on December 12, 2007, Turner issued a brief statement through her spokesperson: "Tina hasn't had any contact with Ike in more than 30 years.
Maggie Smith : During 2007, Smith had a productive year appearing in films, television and the stage.
Maggie Smith : A six-time Academy Award nominee, Smith won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of an idealistic, unorthodox schoolteacher in the 1969 film "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie", and won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the 1978 film "California Suite".
Maggie Smith : Her mother, Margaret Hutton ("née" Little; 1896–1977), was a Scottish secretary from Glasgow, and her father, Nathaniel Smith (1902–1991), was a public-health pathologist from Newcastle upon Tyne, who worked at the University of Oxford.
Neve Campbell : Campbell has three brothers: Christian, Alex, and Damian.
Neve Campbell : On June 29, 2018, Campbell announced on Instagram the adoption of their second son.
Neve Campbell : In March 2012, Campbell and her partner, actor JJ Feild, confirmed that they were expecting their first child together.
Neve Campbell : Campbell married Jeff Colt on April 3, 1995.
Neve Campbell : Her Scottish father, Gerry Campbell, immigrated to Canada from his native Glasgow, Scotland, and taught high school drama classes in Mississauga, Ontario.
Melissa Etheridge : She has been a gay and lesbian activist since her public coming out in January 1993.
Melissa Etheridge : In October 2008, five months after the Supreme Court of California overturned the state's ban on same-sex marriage, Etheridge announced that she and Michaels were planning to marry but were currently "trying to find the right time... to go down and do it".
Melissa Etheridge : On October 17, 2006, Michaels gave birth to fraternal twins, Johnnie Rose and Miller Steven, who were conceived via an anonymous sperm donor.
Jane Birkin : In 2006, she played the title role in "Elektra", directed by Philippe Calvario in France.
Jane Birkin : On 4 September 1982, she gave birth to her third daughter, Lou Doillon, from her relationship with director Jacques Doillon.
Jane Birkin : At age 17, she met composer John Barry, whom she married in 1965 and with whom she had her first daughter, Kate, in 1967.
Jane Birkin : Jane Mallory Birkin, OBE (born 14 December 1946) is an English actress, singer, songwriter, and model.
Jane Birkin : Jacques Rivette collaborated with her in "Love on the Ground" (1983) and "La Belle Noiseuse" (1991, Nominated Césars best supporting actress).
Jane Birkin : She took a break from acting in 1971–1972, but returned as Brigitte Bardot's lover in "Don Juan, or If Don Juan Were a Woman" (1973).
Annabel Chong : Grace Quek () (born May 22, 1972), stage name Annabel Chong, is a Singaporean-born American former pornographic actress who became famous after starring in an adult film that was promoted as "The World's Biggest Gang Bang".
Cyndi Lauper : ).
Cyndi Lauper : <templatestyles src="Template:Awards table/styles.css" />
Cyndi Lauper : Her album "She's So Unusual" (1983) was the first debut album by a female artist to achieve four top-five hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100—"Girls Just Want to Have Fun", "Time After Time", "She Bop", and "All Through the Night"—and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985.
Judi Dench : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen : Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen (born June 13, 1986), also known as the Olsen twins as a duo, are American fashion designers and former actresses.
Claudia Schiffer : Schiffer originally aspired to become a lawyer and used to work in her father's law firm.
Claudia Schiffer : Schiffer and Vaughn have three children: son Caspar Matthew (born 30 January 2003) and daughters Clementine Poppy (born 11 November 2004) and Cosima Violet (born 14 May 2010).
Olivia de Havilland : Although known as one of Hollywood's most exciting on-screen couples, deHavilland and Errol Flynn were never involved in a romantic relationship.
Joanna Lumley : She supports charities and animal welfare groups, such as Compassion in World Farming and Vegetarians' International Voice for Animals.
Joanna Lumley : She appeared in a British television advertisement for Nimble bread first screened in 1969.
Joanna Lumley : She attended the Lucie Clayton Finishing School in London, after being turned down by the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art at the age of 16.
Jennifer Saunders : In 1977, Saunders received a place at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London on a drama teachers' course, where she met her future comedy partner, Dawn French.
Jennifer Saunders : Her mother, Barbara Jane Saunders née Duminy, was a biology teacher, and her father, Robert Thomas Saunders, served as a pilot in the Royal Air Force (RAF).
Margaret Cho : Margaret Moran Cho (Korean:  ; born December 5, 1968) is an American actress, musician, stand-up comedian, fashion designer and author.
Louise Arbour : At various times, she has served as an editor for the "Criminal Reports", the "Canadian Rights Reporter", and the "Osgoode Hall Law Journal".
Louise Arbour : On March 9, 2017, Arbour was appointed by the U.N. Secretary-General, António Guterres, to be his Special Representative for International Migration.
Louise Arbour : Arbour was the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, a former justice of the Supreme Court of Canada and the Court of Appeal for Ontario and a former Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.
Louise Arbour : She then taught at Osgoode Hall Law School, York University, first as a Lecturer (1974), then as Assistant Professor (1975), Associate Professor (1977-87), and finally as Associate Professor and Associate Dean (1987).
Hilary Swank : Her first leading film role was in the fourth installment of the "Karate Kid" series, "The Next Karate Kid" (1994) as Julie Pierce.
Hilary Swank : Hilary Ann Swank (born July 30, 1974) is an American actress and film producer.
Reese Witherspoon : Witherspoon and Toth announced their engagement in December 2010, and married on March 26, 2011, in Ojai, California, at Libbey Ranch, Witherspoon's country estate, which she later sold.
Roseanne Barr : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jamie Lynn Spears : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jamie Lynn Spears : Spears gave birth to their daughter Maddie Briann Aldridge on June 19, 2008, in McComb, Mississippi.
Isabelle Adjani : In 2009, she criticized statements by Pope Benedict XVI, who claimed that condoms are not an effective method of AIDS prevention.
Isabelle Adjani : After winning a school recitation contest, Adjani began acting by the age of 12 in amateur theater.
Isabelle Adjani : At the age of 14, Adjani starred in her first motion picture, "Le Petit Bougnat" (1970).
Isabelle Adjani : She was made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 2010, and a Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters in 2014.
Isabelle Adjani : In addition to specific awards for particular films, Adjani was made a Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur on 14 July 2010 for her artistic contributions.
Isabelle Adjani : Adjani was later engaged to the composer Jean-Michel Jarre; they broke up in 2004.
Isabelle Adjani : Isabelle Yasmina Adjani (born 27 June 1955) is a French film actress and singer.
Isabelle Adjani : Isabelle Yasmina Adjani was born on 27 June 1955 in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, to Mohammed Cherif Adjani, an Algerian Kabyle father from Constantine, and Emma Augusta "Gusti" Schweinberger, a German Catholic mother from Bavaria.
Isabelle Adjani : From 1989 to 1995, she had a relationship with Daniel Day-Lewis, which ended before the birth of their son, Gabriel-Kane Day-Lewis, in 1995.
Charlotte Gainsbourg : On 5 September 2007, Gainsbourg was rushed to a Paris hospital where she underwent surgery for a cerebral hemorrhage.
Annika Sörenstam : She was a nationally ranked junior tennis player, played association football (soccer) in her hometown team Bro IK, and was such a good skier that the coach of the Swedish national ski team suggested the family move to northern Sweden to improve her skiing year round.
Annika Sörenstam : She holds various all-time scoring records including the lowest season scoring average: 68.6969 in 2004.
Annika Sörenstam : As a member of the Swedish National Team from 1987 to 1992, she played in the 1990 and 1992 Espirito Santo Trophy, winning the individual competition in 1992.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : During the 2016 Democratic National Convention, Louis-Dreyfus announced her endorsement of Hillary Clinton for the United States presidential election of that year.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : The series finale aired on May 14 and was one of the most-watched TV events in history, with over 76 million viewers tuning in.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : Louis-Dreyfus has stated that she holds much respect for "women who are not afraid of making themselves look bad or foolish to get a laugh", and cites her acting idols as Lucille Ball, Mary Tyler Moore, Madeline Kahn, Teri Garr, Valerie Harper, and Cloris Leachman.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : On the "Notes About Nothing" featurette on the DVD package, Seinfeld says that Louis-Dreyfus' ability to eat a peanut M&M without breaking the peanut aptly describes the actress: "She cracks you up without breaking your nuts."
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : Actress Tina Fey has stated that Louis-Dreyfus served as inspiration for her character Liz Lemon on the award-winning NBC comedy series "30 Rock".
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : During her time on "Seinfeld," she appeared in several films, including "Fathers' Day", opposite Robin Williams and Billy Crystal, and Woody Allen's Oscar-nominated "Deconstructing Harry".
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : They married in 1987 and have two sons together: Henry (born 1992) and Charles (born 1997).
Tina Fey : Elizabeth Stamatina "Tina" Fey ( ; born May 18, 1970) is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and playwright.
Queen Silvia of Sweden : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Queen Silvia of Sweden : Silvia Renate Sommerlath was born in Heidelberg, South Germany, on 23 December 1943, the only daughter of Alice (née Soares de Toledo) and Walther Sommerlath.
Billie Jean King : Billie Jean King has residences in New York City and Chicago with Kloss, her life partner.
Billie Jean King : Her younger brother, Randy Moffitt, became a Major League Baseball pitcher, pitching for 12 years in the major leagues for the San Francisco Giants, Houston Astros, and Toronto Blue Jays.
Sila María Calderón : in San Juan.
Sila María Calderón : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sila María Calderón : She was also Mayor of San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico, from 1997 to 2001.
Leigh Nash : Leigh Anne Bingham Nash ( ; born June 27, 1976) is an American singer and songwriter who is the lead vocalist for the pop band Sixpence None the Richer and is also a member of Fauxliage and Movement Nashville.
Leigh Nash : She married PFR drummer Mark Nash in May 1996, whom she met while both bands were performing at the Cornerstone Festival in Illinois.
Leigh Nash : Joined by Tess Wiley, Dale Baker, and J.J. Plascencio, the new band recorded "This Beautiful Mess", which won a Dove Award for Best Album.
Leigh Nash : Before long, the adolescent Nash was singing Loretta Lynn and Tanya Tucker songs like "You Ain't Woman Enough to Take My Man" and "Texas When I Die" on alcohol-free, open mic Sunday nights, backed by a middle-aged band of town locals.
Leigh Nash : Nash has two distinct poles of inspiration: her work with Sixpence in the Christian music sphere and her childhood fascination with older female country artists like Tanya Tucker, Loretta Lynn, and Patsy Cline.
Leigh Nash : Nash has since rejoined Sixpence and worked on a new EP "My Dear Machine EP", and the Christmas album "The Dawn of Grace" with tour dates planned throughout 2008 in the States and Europe.
Emmylou Harris : 1.
Emmylou Harris : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sophie, Countess of Wessex : In 1996, Rhys-Jones launched her public relations agency, RJH Public Relations, which she ran with her business partner, Murray Harkin, for five years.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex : She also worked as a ski representative in Switzerland and spent a year travelling and working in Australia.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex : Sophie, Countess of Wessex, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born Sophie Helen Rhys-Jones; 20 January 1965) is a member of the British royal family.
Anne, Princess Royal : Anne enrolled at Benenden School in 1963.
Anne, Princess Royal : Anne, Princess Royal, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (Anne Elizabeth Alice Louise; born 15 August 1950) is the second child and only daughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Madeleine Albright : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Madeleine Albright : According to Albright's memoirs, she once argued with Colin Powell for the use of military force by asking, "What's the point of you saving this superb military for, Colin, if we can't use it?"
Sandra Faber : Sandra Faber is co-editor of the "Annual Review of Astronomy and Astrophysics".
Sandra Faber : Sandra Moore Faber (born December 28, 1944) is an astrophysicist known for her research on the evolution of galaxies.
Sandra Faber : Faber was also the principal investigator of the Nuker Team, which used the Hubble Space Telescope to search for supermassive black holes at the centers of galaxies.
Lucy Liu : Her first national museum exhibition was held at the National Museum of Singapore in early 2019 and was titled "Unhomed Belongings."
Lucy Liu : Lucy Liu (born December 2, 1968) is an American actress, producer and artist who has worked in both television and film.
Lucy Liu : Liu attended the New York Studio School for drawing, painting, and sculpture from 2004 to 2006.
Connie Chung : A few months later, in the wake of the April 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, Chung was widely criticized for sarcasm as she asked an Oklahoma City Fire Department spokesman, "Can the Oklahoma City Fire Department handle "this?""
Connie Chung : Many people interpreted Chung's suggestion that if Mrs. Gingrich would whisper this statement it would be promised that the statement would be off the record.
Connie Chung : In 2001, she conducted an interview with Gary Condit on "Primetime Thursday", focusing on his relationship with murdered Washington, D.C., intern Chandra Levy.
Connie Chung : After short-lived host Lisa McRee left the program, Chung declined to take over on a permanent basis, saying she did not want to broadcast 10 hours a week in the early morning.
Connie Chung : She has been an anchor and reporter for the U.S. television news networks NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, and MSNBC.
Connie Chung : During the interview, Chung poked fun at her show's low ratings, referring to the musical number as a "private joke for our two viewers."
Connie Chung : Despite this, her interviews were still widely recognized as being softer than those of other interviewers, such as Barbara Walters or Mike Wallace.
Connie Chung : In January 2006, Chung and Maury Povich began hosting a show titled "Weekends with Maury and Connie" on MSNBC.
Connie Chung : She graduated from Montgomery Blair High School in Silver Spring, Maryland, and went on to receive a degree in journalism at the University of Maryland, College Park, in 1969.
Connie Chung : In a January 5, 1995, interview with Kathleen Gingrich, mother of Republican politician Newt Gingrich, on "Eye to Eye", Mrs. Gingrich said she could not say what her son thought about First Lady Hillary Clinton on the air.
Connie Chung : Her father, William Ling Chung, was an intelligence officer in the Chinese Nationalist Government and five of her siblings died during wartime.
Michelle Kwan : Kwan also said she would be commentating for Good Morning America at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Michelle Kwan : Kwan made her first overseas trip in the capacity of public diplomacy ambassador with a visit to China from January 17–25, 2007.
Michelle Kwan : On January 14, 2006, after the United States ladies' figure skating event, the USFSA's International Committee met and in a 20 to 3 vote approved Kwan's petition under the stipulation that she show her physical and competitive readiness to a five-member monitoring panel by January 27.
Michelle Kwan : Many people consider her performances of her Rachmaninoff short program and free skate set to William Alwyn's "Lyra Angelica" at the 1998 U.S. Championships to be the high point of her career from both a technical and artistic standpoint.
Tera Patrick : In 2003, Patrick became the masthead publisher of "Genesis".
Christina Aguilera : Christina María Aguilera ( , ] ; born December 18, 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and television personality.
Christina Aguilera : In October 2000, she filed a breach of fiduciary duty lawsuit against Kurtz for improper, undue and inappropriate influence over her professional activities.
Christina Aguilera : In the run-up to the 2004 United States presidential election, Aguilera was featured on billboards for the "Only You Can Silence Yourself" online voter registration drive run by the nonpartisan, non-profit campaign "Declare Yourself".
Brandy Norwood : Brandy Rayana Norwood (born February 11, 1979), better known by her mononym Brandy, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and businesswoman.
Isabelle Huppert : She worked in Italy (with directors Paolo and Vittorio Taviani, Mauro Bolognini, Marco Ferreri and Marco Bellocchio), in Russia (with Igor Minaiev), in Central Europe (with Werner Schroeter, Andrzej Wajda, Ursula Meier, Michael Haneke, Márta Mészáros and Aleksandar Petrović) and in Asia (with Hong Sang-soo, Brillante Mendoza and Rithy Panh).
Nancy Pelosi : Pelosi supported the NATO-led military intervention in Libya in 2011.
Nancy Pelosi : She has expressed concern about the danger of nuclear proliferation from the North Korean regime, and the ongoing problems of hunger and oppression imposed by that country's leadership.
Nancy Pelosi : The House voted 405 to 11 in October 2019 to confirm the resolution.
Nancy Pelosi : In November 2017, after the Pentagon sent a letter to lawmakers stating a ground invasion was the only way to destroy all North Korea's nuclear weapons without concern for having missed any, Pelosi said she was concerned about Pyongyang's selling nuclear technology to third parties and called for the United States to "exhaust every other remedy".
Nancy Pelosi : In August 2017, following Trump's warning that North Korea "will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen" in the event of further threats to the United States, Pelosi said the comments were "recklessly belligerent and demonstrate a grave lack of appreciation for the severity of the North Korean nuclear situation.
Nancy Pelosi : In June 2018, after Trump praised North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Pelosi said in a statement, "In his haste to reach an agreement, President Trump elevated North Korea to the level of the United States while preserving the regime's status quo."
Nancy Pelosi : The same year, Pelosi commended the European Parliament for its "bold decision" to award the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to Chinese dissident and human rights activist Hu Jia, and called upon the Chinese government "to immediately and unconditionally release Hu Jia from prison and to respect the fundamental freedoms of all the people in China."
Nancy Pelosi : In a speech at the AIPAC 2005 annual conference, Pelosi said that "for too long, leaders from both parties haven't done enough" to put pressure on Russia and China who are providing Iran with technological information on nuclear issues and missiles.
Nancy Pelosi : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Nancy Pelosi : Before the Trump administration took concrete measures against China in late March 2018, Pelosi and other Democratic leaders pressed Trump to focus more on China and impose real punishments, such as fulfill his own campaign commitments to label China a currency manipulator and stop China from pressuring U.S. tech companies into giving up intellectual property rights.
Nancy Pelosi : In an October 2019 letter to Democratic caucus members, Pelosi wrote that both parties were condemning President Trump's deserting the US's "Kurdish allies in a foolish attempt to appease an authoritarian strongman" Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey and opined that the decision "poses a dire threat to regional security and stability, and sends a dangerous message to Iran and Russia, as well as our allies, that the United States is no longer a trusted partner".
Riyoko Ikeda : In 2008, she received France's Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur for her contribution to Japan's cultural awareness of France, and she has been a guest of the 2011 Angoulême International Comics Festival.
Michelle Yeoh : Yeoh is a Buddhist.
Melissa Joan Hart : Season 2 episode "The Tale of the Frozen Ghost" in 1991.
Melissa Joan Hart : Hart also recorded two albums as Clarissa: "This Is What 'Na Na' Means" and a recording of "Peter and the Wolf".
Melissa Joan Hart : On November 22, 2010, Hart participated as a presenter in the International Emmy Awards.
Melissa Joan Hart : In 1989, she became an understudy in a Broadway production of "The Crucible" starring Martin Sheen.
Melissa Joan Hart : Hart and Wilkerson have three sons, born in January 2006, March 2008, and September 2012.
Melissa Joan Hart : Hart was named after the Allman Brothers song "Melissa", while her middle name, Joan, came from her maternal grandmother.
Melissa Joan Hart : In March 2010, Hart took part in an ad campaign for Gain detergent with "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" co-star and friend Soleil Moon Frye.
Melissa Joan Hart : Hart was born in Smithtown, New York, the first child of Paula Hart (née Voje), a producer and talent manager, and William Hart, a carpenter, shellfish purveyor, oyster hatchery worker, and entrepreneur.
Melissa Joan Hart : In May 2009, Hart opened a candy shop called SweetHarts in Sherman Oaks, California.
Melissa Joan Hart : Hart and Wilkerson were featured in "People" magazine's April 7, 2008 issue, introducing Braydon, their second child.
Melissa Joan Hart : After "Sabrina" ended in 2003 after 7 seasons, Hart directed her first movie, a 15-minute live-action short film called "Mute" (2005), starring her sister Emily.
Melissa Joan Hart : Other early television work included a small role in the miniseries "Kane & Abel" in 1985, a guest-starring role in an episode of "The Equalizer" in 1986, and a starring role alongside Katherine Helmond in the Emmy Award-winning TV movie "Christmas Snow", also in 1986.
Queen Latifah : Latifah appeared in the 1996 box-office hit, "Set It Off", and had a supporting role in the Holly Hunter film "Living Out Loud" (1998).
Ai Yazawa : She provided artwork for singer JUJU's single "Iiwake" in 2017 and a celebratory illustration for Space Channel 5 VR in 2020, drew a mini-manga featuring characters from her series "Tenshi Nanka Ja Nai" and "Neighborhood Story" in 2016, contributed new images to the 2015 "Nana" calendar, and published a new "Junko's Room" chapter, her first new manga in over three years, in 2013.
Vivienne Westwood : Dame Vivienne Isabel Westwood {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Swire; born 8 April 1941) is an English fashion designer and businesswoman, largely responsible for bringing modern punk and new wave fashions into the mainstream.
Vivienne Westwood : They married on 21 July 1962; Westwood made her own wedding dress.
Vivienne Westwood : In 1958, her family moved to Harrow, Middlesex, and Westwood took a jewellery and silversmith course at the University of Westminster, then known as the Harrow Art School, but left after one term, saying: "I didn't know how a working-class girl like me could possibly make a living in the art world".
Vivienne Westwood : She dubbed the period 1981-85 "New Romantic" and 1988–91 as "The Pagan Years" during which "Vivienne's heroes changed from punks and ragamuffins to 'Tatler' girls wearing clothes that parodied the upper class".
Chantal Kreviazuk : In 2007, Kreviazuk starred in "Pretty Broken", a short film about a woman dealing with mental illness.
Chantal Kreviazuk : Kreviazuk also has a MySpace page, where she posts about her daily life, her thoughts on world politics, as well as updating fans with the latest on how writing/recording for her album is going.
Chantal Kreviazuk : She has also contributed to Maida's solo EP, "Love Hope Hero".
Chantal Kreviazuk : Kreviazuk also provided additional vocals on a Men, Women & Children song titled "Monkey Monkee Men", from their 2006 self-titled debut album.
Chantal Kreviazuk : The song appeared on the soundtrack to the blockbuster film "Armageddon" and was that album's follow-up single to Aerosmith's "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing".
Chantal Kreviazuk : Chantal Jennifer Kreviazuk {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born May 18, 1974) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, composer, pianist, and actress.
Chantal Kreviazuk : In 1999, Kreviazuk recorded a cover of the Randy Newman ballad "Feels Like Home" for the "Dawson's Creek" soundtrack, as well as "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days".
Chantal Kreviazuk : Kreviazuk's "Time" was played in the credits of the movie "Uptown Girls", and featured in an episode of the MTV reality show, "", the pilot episode of the ABC romantic comedy/drama "Men in Trees", the CBS drama "Joan of Arcadia", and the ABC family movie "Lucky 7".
Chantal Kreviazuk : Kreviazuk and Maida also contributed songs to Kelly Clarkson's 2004 album "Breakaway", The Veronicas' "The Secret Life of the Veronicas", Marion Raven's 2005 and 2007 albums "Here I Am" and "Set Me Free" and recently Cheyenne Kimball's debut "Hanging On" in 2006.
Carole King : "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" became a standard.
Carole King : She has won four Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for her songwriting.
Carole King : Other songs of King's early period (through 1967) include "Half Way To Paradise" [Tony Orlando, recorded by Billy Fury in U.K.], "Take Good Care of My Baby" for Bobby Vee, "Up on the Roof" for the Drifters, "I'm into Something Good" for Earl-Jean (later recorded by Herman's Hermits), "One Fine Day" for the Chiffons, and "Pleasant Valley Sunday" for the Monkees (inspired by their move to suburban West Orange, New Jersey), and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" for Aretha Franklin.
Emma Watson : She has promoted education for girls, travelling to Bangladesh and Zambia to do so.
Emma Watson : In February 2016, Watson announced she was taking a year-long break from acting.
Emma Watson : In 2015, Malala Yousafzai told Watson she decided to call herself a feminist after hearing her speech.
Emma Watson : Filming began in summer of 2011, and the film was released in September 2012.
Emma Watson : In her first post-"Harry Potter" film, Watson appeared in "My Week with Marilyn" (2011) as Lucy, a wardrobe assistant who briefly dates protagonist Colin Clark, portrayed by Eddie Redmayne.
Emma Watson : In March 2009, she was ranked sixth on the "Forbes" list of "Most Valuable Young Stars" and in February 2010, she was named Hollywood's highest-paid female star, having earned an estimated £19 million in 2009.
Maggie Cheung : Studio).
Maggie Cheung : Cheung married French director Olivier Assayas in 1998; they divorced in 2001.
Gong Li : Gong is the first Chinese ambassador for L'Oreal Paris in 1997.
Gong Li : In many of her early movies, Gong represents a tragic victim and an abused soul (physically or emotionally), trying to release herself from an impossible maze of corruption, violence and suppression.
Gong Li : In 2018, Gong served as the jury president of 55th Golden Horse Awards.
Gong Li : In 1990, Gong Continued to cooperate with Zhang Yimou and starred in his family ethics movie Ju Dou, which won the Luis Buñuel Special Award at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 63rd Academy Awards, becoming the first Chinese film to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Princess Märtha Louise of Norway : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Princess Märtha Louise of Norway : Princess Märtha Louise of Norway (born 22 September 1971) is a Norwegian self-described clairvoyant and the only daughter and elder child of King Harald V and Queen Sonja.
Mette-Marit, Crown Princess of Norway : At the time of their engagement, Mette-Marit was a single mother to a son named Marius Borg Høiby, born 13 January 1997 from her relationship with convicted felon Morten Borg.
Catherine Zeta-Jones : Zeta-Jones is the recipient of several accolades, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award and a Tony Award, and in 2010, she was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for her film and humanitarian endeavours.
Mae Whitman : Mae Margaret Whitman (born June 9, 1988) is an American actress and singer.
Elaine Chao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elaine Chao : On January 7, 2021, the day after the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol, Chao submitted her resignation effective January 11, 2021.
Holly Valance : Holly Rachel Candy (née Vukadinović; born 11 May 1983), known professionally as Holly Valance, is an Australian actress, singer and model.
Nigella Lawson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nigella Lawson : She is the daughter of Nigel Lawson, Lord Lawson of Blaby, a former Conservative Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Vanessa (née Salmon) Lawson, whose family owned the J. Lyons and Co. food and catering business.
Alison Bechdel : For her outstanding contributions to the comic art form, Comics Alliance listed Bechdel as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition.
Alison Bechdel : In November 2006, Bechdel was invited to sit on the Usage Panel of the "American Heritage Dictionary".
Alison Bechdel : Bechdel moved to Manhattan during the summer of 1981 and applied to several art schools, but was rejected and worked in many office jobs in the publishing industry.
Alison Bechdel : On April 6, 2017, Bechdel was appointed as Vermont's third Cartoonist Laureate.
Alison Bechdel : An acquaintance recommended she send her work to "WomaNews", a feminist newspaper, which published her first work in its June 1983 issue.
Alison Bechdel : Originally best known for the long-running comic strip "Dykes to Watch Out For", she came to critical and commercial success in 2006 with her graphic memoir "Fun Home", which was subsequently adapted as a musical that won a Tony Award for Best Musical in 2015.
Mireille Mathieu : She is a devout Catholic and still attends Catholic Mass with her family.
Mireille Mathieu : She has recorded over 1200 songs in eleven languages, with more than 150 million albums sold worldwide.
Diana Ross : Following departure from the Supremes in 1970, Ross embarked on a highly successful, globally ground-breaking solo career in music, television, film and stage.
Diana Ross : She was the second-eldest child of Ernestine (née Moten; January 27, 1916October 9, 1984) and Fred Ross, Sr. (July 4, 1920November 21, 2007).
Diana Ross : In October 1993, Diana Ross was inducted in the Guinness Book Of World Records, as "the most successful female music artist in history" due to her success in the United States and United Kingdom for having more hits than any other female artist in the charts with a career total of 70 hit singles.
Anouk Aimée : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anouk Aimée : In 2002, she received an honorary César Award, France's national film award, and in 2003 received an Honorary Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Julie Delpy : Julie Delpy (] ; born 21 December 1969) is a French-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter.
Mia Hamm : She is the author of the national bestseller "Go For the Goal: A Champion's Guide to Winning in Soccer and Life" and juvenile fiction book "Winners Never Quit".
Mia Hamm : On May 14, 2004, Hamm announced her retirement effective after the 2004 Athens Olympics.
Mia Hamm : On May 22, 1999, Hamm broke the all-time international goal record with her 108th goal in a game against Brazil in Orlando, Florida.
Mia Hamm : In March 2004, Hamm and former U.S. teammate Michelle Akers were the only two women and Americans named to the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living soccer players, selected by Pelé and commissioned by FIFA for the organization's 100th anniversary.
Mia Hamm : Hamm was first married to her college sweetheart Christiaan Corry, a United States Marine Corps helicopter pilot; they divorced in 2001 after being married six years.
Isabel Allende : Her father was a first cousin of Salvador Allende, President of Chile from 1970 to 1973.
Condoleezza Rice : As Stanford's Provost, Rice was responsible for managing the university's multibillion-dollar budget.
Rachel Weisz : Weisz moved to New York with Aronofsky the following year; in 2005, they were engaged.
Rachel Weisz : They began dating in December 2010 and they married on 22 June 2011 in a private New York ceremony, with four guests in attendance, including Weisz's son and Craig's daughter.
Alessandra Mussolini : In the 2004 European Parliament election, Social Alternative, gained 1.2% of the electoral list vote.
Alessandra Mussolini : From 1976 to 1980 she went to high school at the American Overseas School of Rome.
Alessandra Mussolini : Mussolini condemned the Vatican's comparison of homosexuality with pedophilia, stating "You can't link sexual orientation to pedophilia … this link risks becoming dangerously misleading for the protection of children."
Alessandra Mussolini : In 2006, she responded to claims by the transgender Italian parliamentary candidate Vladimir Luxuria that she was a "fascist" with the line "Meglio fascista che frocio" ("Better fascist than faggot").
Alessandra Mussolini : She was the founder and leader of the National Conservative political party Social Action; from 2004 until 2008, Mussolini also served as a Member of the European Parliament, and she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Italian Parliament, for The People of Freedom.
Alessandra Mussolini : After the Italian general elections of April 2008, Mussolini served as a member of the Italian parliament within Silvio Berlusconi's alliance of right wing parties, The People of Freedom.
Alessandra Mussolini : Alessandra Mussolini was born in Rome, the daughter of Romano Mussolini, the fourth son of Benito Mussolini, Fascist dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943, and Anna Maria Villani Scicolone (born 11 May 1938, Rome).
Alessandra Mussolini : In March 2005, Mussolini was banned by a local court from regional elections held the following month for presenting fraudulent signatures.
Alessandra Mussolini : "A Special Day" (1977), in which she had a minor role as "Maria Luisa," won an American Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Alessandra Mussolini : Mussolini suddenly left the National Alliance on 28 November 2003, following the visit of party leader and the Deputy Prime Minister Gianfranco Fini to Israel, where he described fascism as part "the absolute evil" with regard to the Holocaust as he apologised for Italy's role as an Axis Power during the Second World War.
Alessandra Mussolini : Alessandra Mussolini (born 30 December 1962) is an Italian politician, the granddaughter of Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, and a former actress and model who served as a Member of the European Parliament for Forza Italia.
Phoebe Cates : In 2005, Cates opened a boutique, Blue Tree, on Madison Avenue in New York.
Phoebe Cates : In 2001, Cates briefly ended her retirement for one film, "The Anniversary Party" (2001), as a favor to her best friend and former "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" castmate Jennifer Jason Leigh, who directed the film.
Phoebe Cates : In the early 1980s, Cates shared an apartment in Greenwich Village with her then boyfriend Stavros Merjos.
Milla Jovovich : Milica Bogdanovna Jovovich ( ; born December 17, 1975), known professionally as Milla Jovovich, is an American actress, model, and musician.
Milla Jovovich : Jovovich was born on December 17, 1975, in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR, the daughter of Galina ("née" Loginova), a Soviet Russian actress, and Bogdan Jovović, a Serbian doctor.
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall : In March 2006, the couple visited Egypt, Saudi Arabia and India.
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall : The Duchess of Cornwall's first solo engagement was a visit to Southampton General Hospital; she attended the Trooping the Colour for the first time in June 2005, making her appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace afterwards.
Cynthia Nixon : Nixon and Marinoni became engaged in April 2009, and married in New York City on May 27, 2012, with Nixon wearing a custom-made, pale green dress by Carolina Herrera.
Cynthia Nixon : Nixon was born in Manhattan, the only child of Walter Elmer Nixon Jr., a radio journalist from Texas, and Anne Elizabeth (née Knoll), an actress originally from Chicago.
Cynthia Nixon : On March 19, 2018, Nixon announced her campaign for Governor of New York as a challenger to Democratic incumbent Andrew Cuomo.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : She has received honorary degrees from the following Universities:
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : Since 1998, Vigdís Finnbogadóttir has been UNESCO's Goodwill Ambassador for languages.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : Vigdís is a member of the Club of Madrid, an independent non-profit organization composed of 81 democratic former Presidents and Prime Ministers from 57 different countries.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : She is also a member of the Fondation Chirac's honour committee, ever since the foundation was launched in 2008 by former French president Jacques Chirac in order to promote world peace.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : From 1976 to 1980, she was a member of the Advisory Committee on Cultural Affairs in the Nordic countries.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : Two years later she was appointed president of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization World Commission on the Ethics of Scientific Knowledge and Technology.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : Every year hundreds—sometimes thousands—walked the 50-km road to Keflavík and chanted "Ísland úr NATO, herinn burt" (literally: Iceland out of NATO, the military away).
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : Although the Icelandic presidency is largely a ceremonial position, Vigdís took an active role as environmental activist and fought for Icelandic language and culture, acting as a cultural ambassador in promoting the country.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir : She became very popular and was subsequently reelected three times, unopposed in 1984, with 94.6 percent of the votes against another woman in 1988 and unopposed in 1992.
Lauryn Hill : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lauryn Hill : In November 1998, Marley and Hill's second child, Selah Louise, was born.
Lauryn Hill : Hill's image and artistry, as well as her full, rich, raspy alto voice, placed her at the forefront of the band, with some fans urging her to begin a solo career.
Lauryn Hill : In 1998, Hill took up another small, but important role in the film "Restaurant"; "Entertainment Weekly" praised her portrayal of the protagonist's pregnant former girlfriend as bringing vigor to the film.
Lauryn Hill : In July 2001, while pregnant with her third child, Hill unveiled her new material to a small crowd, for a taping of an "MTV Unplugged" special.
Lauryn Hill : Lauryn Noelle Hill (born May 26, 1975) is an American singer, rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
Julie Christie : After being asked to leave the Convent of Our Lady as well, she attended the all-girls Wycombe Court School, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, during which time she lived with a foster mother from the age of six.
Joanne Harris : Joanne Michèle Sylvie Harris, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 3 July 1964) is an English author especially known for her novel "Chocolat" (1999), which was adapted the following year for the film "Chocolat".
Joanne Harris : She was educated at Wakefield Girls' High School, Barnsley Sixth Form College, and St Catharine's College, Cambridge, where she studied modern and medieval languages.
Joanne Harris : She has written three more novels in the "Chocolat" series, continuing the adventures of Vianne Rocher; "The Lollipop Shoes" (re-titled "The Girl With No Shadow" in the US), "Peaches for Monsieur le Curé" ("Peaches for Father Francis" in the US), and "The Strawberry Thief" – published 4 April 2019, as well as two French cookbooks (co-written with Fran Warde), two collections of short stories and a number of dark psychological thrillers, including "Gentlemen and Players" and "Blueeyedboy".
Serena Williams : On April 19, 2017, Williams revealed that she was 20 weeks pregnant and would miss the remainder of the season.
Márta Sebestyén : Márta Sebestyén (] ; born 19 August 1957) is a Hungarian folk vocalist, composer and actress.
Márta Sebestyén : On 1 June 2010, Sebestyén was awarded the UNESCO Artist for Peace title.
Márta Sebestyén : Three more songs she recorded with Muzsikás appeared in the Japanese anime film "Only Yesterday" (1991) by Studio Ghibli: "Teremtés" ("Creation"), "Hajnali nóta" ("Morning Song"), and "Fuvom az énekem" ("I Sing My Song").
Avril Lavigne : Lavigne was featured in the 2003 game "" as a non-playable celebrity.
Avril Lavigne : Lavigne's band, which were mostly the members of Closet Monster, was chosen by Nettwerk, as they wanted young performers who were up and coming from the Canadian punk rock scene who would fit with Lavigne's personality.
Avril Lavigne : In an April 2015 interview with "Billboard", Lavigne announced a new single titled "Fly", which was released on April 26 in association with the 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games.
Avril Lavigne : In an interview with "Billboard" that same month, Lavigne said that she was in the recovery process and that she wanted to increase awareness of the disease.
Avril Lavigne : Avril Ramona Lavigne ( , ] ; born September 27, 1984) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress.
Avril Lavigne : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Avril Lavigne : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Avril Lavigne : During the 2000s decade most critics and publications, have identified Lavigne's first three albums as a mix of pop punk, alternative rock and pop rock influenced by a post-grunge sound.
Avril Lavigne : Proceeds from her "Team Rockstar" event helped sponsor athletes from around the world competing in the 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games in Los Angeles.
Carol Ann Duffy : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Carol Ann Duffy : Duffy was educated in Stafford at Saint Austin's RC Primary School (1962–1967), St. Joseph's Convent School (1967–1970), and Stafford Girls' High School (1970–1974), her literary talent encouraged by two English teachers, June Scriven at St Joseph's, and Jim Walker at Stafford Girls' High.
Gwen Stefani : Stefani's debut album "Love.
Gwen Stefani : Baby.
Gwen Stefani : Music.
Gwen Stefani : Music.
Gwen Stefani : "Forbes" magazine reported that Stefani earned $27 million between June 2007 to June 2008 for her tour, fashion line and commercials, making her the world's 10th highest paid music personality at the time.
Gwen Stefani : Angel.
Judy Collins : "I started throwing up.
Judy Collins : Collins' 1979 album "Hard Times for Lovers" gained some extra publicity with the cover sleeve photograph of Collins in the nude.
Judy Collins : In July 2012, Collins appeared as a guest artist on the Australian SBS television programme "RocKwiz".
Judy Collins : On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Judy Collins among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.
Judy Collins : Collins joined the judging panel for the 7th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th Annual Independent Music Awards, and in doing so, greatly assisted independent musicians' careers.
Judy Collins : At first, she sang traditional folk songs or songs written by others – in particular the protest songwriters of the time, such as Tom Paxton, Phil Ochs, and Bob Dylan.
Judy Collins : She also recorded songs by singer-songwriters such as Eric Andersen, Fred Neil, Ian Tyson, Joni Mitchell, Randy Newman, Robin Williamson and Richard Fariña long before they gained national acclaim.
Judy Collins : She was also known for her broad range of material: her songs from this period include the traditional Christian hymn "Amazing Grace", the Stephen Sondheim Broadway ballad "Send in the Clowns" (both of which were top 20 hits as singles), a recording of Joan Baez's "A Song for David", and her own compositions, such as "Born to the Breed".
Faith Hill : Hill's film debut was in the summer of 2004, when she co-starred with Nicole Kidman, Matthew Broderick and Glenn Close in director Frank Oz's remake of the 1975 thriller "The Stepford Wives".
Faith Hill : Audrey Faith McGraw (née Perry ; born September 21, 1967), known professionally as Faith Hill, is an American singer and record producer.
Hélène Cixous : 1961).
Hélène Cixous : Hélène Cixous ( ; ] ; born 5 June 1937, Oran, Algeria) is a professor, French feminist writer, poet, playwright, philosopher, literary critic and rhetorician.
Hélène Cixous : She published "Voiles" ("Veils") with Jacques Derrida and her work is often considered deconstructive.
Susan Smith : According to the South Carolina Department of Corrections, she will be eligible for parole on November 4, 2024.
Susan Smith : Smith was incarcerated in the Administrative Segregation Unit in the Camille Griffin Graham Correctional Institution in Columbia, South Carolina.
Susan Smith : Her father died by suicide when she was six years old, and Smith herself attempted suicide at age 13.
Susan Smith : Susan Leigh Smith (née Vaughan; born September 26, 1971) is an American woman who was convicted of murdering her two children, three-year-old Michael and 14-month-old Alexander.
Julie Walters : Walters played Molly Weasley, the matriarch of the Weasley family, in the "Harry Potter" film series (2001–2011).
Julie Walters : The couple have a daughter named Maisie Mae Roffey (born 26 April 1988), but did not marry until they went to New York City to do so in 1997.
Temple Grandin : After she graduated from Mountain Country School in 1966, Grandin went on to earn her bachelor's degree in human psychology from Franklin Pierce College in 1970, a master's degree in animal science from Arizona State University in 1975, and a doctoral degree in animal science from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1989.
Sonia Gandhi : On 23 March 2006, Gandhi announced her resignation from the Lok Sabha and also as chairperson of the National Advisory Council under the office-of-profit controversy and the speculation that the government was planning to bring an ordinance to exempt the post of chairperson of National Advisory Council from the purview of office of profit.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Although some sources claim that Jackson conducted scientific research while working at Bell Laboratories that enabled others to invent the portable fax, touch-tone telephone, solar cells, fiber optic cables, and the technology behind caller ID and call waiting, Jackson herself makes no such claim.
Patricia Cornwell : Cornwell has in the past suffered from anorexia nervosa and depression, which began in her late teens.
Patricia Cornwell : On June 14, 1980, shortly after graduating from Davidson College in North Carolina, she married one of her English professors, Charles L. Cornwell, who was 17 years her senior.
Leelee Sobieski : Their daughter, Louisanna Ray, was born in December 2009; and their son Martin, was born in August 2014.
Leelee Sobieski : Her mother, Elizabeth Sobieski (née Salomon), is an American film producer and screenwriter who also works as Sobieski's manager, and her father, , is a French-born painter and former actor of Polish descent.
Hayley Westenra : On 28 April, Westenra Performed with Chinese tenor Din Yi and Nie Jian Hua on the 2nd Beijing International Film Festival symphony concert at Olympic Green accompanying by Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
Hayley Westenra : In November 2007, Hayley Westenra successfully staged a Japan "Treasure" concert tour in Fukuoka, Sapporo, Tokyo, Sendai, Nagoya, Osaka, Yokohama, Hiroshima.
Ayumi Hamasaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ayumi Hamasaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Julia Quinn : Julie Pottinger (born Julie Cotler in 1970), better known by her pen name Julia Quinn, is a best-selling American historical romance author.
Julia Quinn : By the time Pottinger finally entered Yale School of Medicine to realize her dream of being a doctor, three of her books had been published.
Julia Quinn : A few weeks after she was accepted to medical school, she discovered that her first two novels, "Splendid" and "Dancing At Midnight", had been sold at auction, an unusual occurrence for a novice romance author.
Athina Onassis : Athina Hélène Onassis (Greek: Αθηνά Ωνάση; born Athina Hélène Roussel (Αθηνά Ρουσσέλ), January 29, 1985) is a French-Greek heiress and equestrian, the only surviving descendant of Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis, and the only child of Aristotle's daughter Christina Onassis.
Chie Nakane : In 1970, Nakane became the first female professor at the University of Tokyo, where she served as Director of the Institute of Oriental Culture in 1980–1982.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad : Although she had moderate success in Sweden, as she was a contestant for Melodifestivalen 1969 with her song ""Härlig är vår jord"", she did not reach international fame until she joined ABBA, which has sold over 150 million albums and singles worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music acts in history.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad : In 1986 she relocated to Switzerland, and lived with her boyfriend, architect Prince Heinrich Ruzzo of Reuss, Count of Plauen (1950–1999), in his family castle in Fribourg.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad : Through her marriage to Prince Reuss of Plauen, who had been a student at the same boarding school as Crown Prince Carl Gustaf, who later became the King of Sweden, Lyngstad became acquainted with the Swedish royal family and eventually became close friends with Sweden's Queen Silvia.
Natalie Maines : Natalie Louise Maines (born October 14, 1974) is the lead vocalist for the all-female country band The Chicks.
Natalie Maines : After Maines commented at a March 2003 Dixie Chicks concert at the Shepherd's Bush Empire theatre in London that the Chicks didn't want the Iraq War and were "ashamed" President Bush "was from Texas", Keith's 2003 "Shock'n Y'all" tour began displaying a backdrop showing a doctored photo of Maines with Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Patty Murray : Senator.
Patty Murray : On December 10, 2013, Murray announced that she and Republican Representative Paul Ryan had reached a compromise agreement on a two-year, bipartisan budget bill, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013.
Patty Murray : Patricia Lynn Murray (née Johns; born October 11, 1950) is an American politician and retired educator who has served as a United States Senator from Washington since 1993, and the senior Senator since 2001.
C. J. Cherryh : Carolyn Janice Cherry (born September 1, 1942), better known by the pen name C. J. Cherryh, is an American writer of speculative fiction.
C. J. Cherryh : Referring to this honor, the asteroid's discoverers wrote of Cherryh: "She has challenged us to be worthy of the stars by imagining how mankind might grow to live among them."
C. J. Cherryh : She has written more than 80 books since the mid-1970s, including the Hugo Award-winning novels "Downbelow Station" (1981) and "Cyteen" (1988), both set in her Alliance–Union universe.
Norah Jones : Jones attended the University of North Texas (UNT), where she majored in jazz piano and sang with the UNT Jazz Singers.
Vivienne Poy : She was selected as Chancellor of the University of Toronto in December 2002 and served until 2006.
Ellen Burstyn : 2".
Demi Moore : Demi Gene Moore ( ; née Guynes; born November 11, 1962) is an American actress and film producer.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo : From 1977 to 1987, she held teaching positions in several schools, notably the University of the Philippines and the Ateneo de Manila University.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo : Arroyo was arrested on November 18, 2011 after a Pasay court issued a warrant of arrest against her, following the filing of a complaint for electoral sabotage by the Commission on Elections.
Martha Stewart : Martha Helen Stewart (née Kostyra; ] ; born August 3, 1941) is an American retail businesswoman, writer, and television personality.
Martha Stewart : After a highly publicized six-week jury trial, Stewart was found guilty in March 2004 of felony charges of conspiracy, obstruction of an agency proceeding, and making false statements to federal investigators, and was sentenced in July 2004 to serve a five-month term in a federal correctional facility and a two-year period of supervised release (to include five months of electronic monitoring).
Rigoberta Menchú : In 2009, Menchú became involved in the newly founded party Winaq.
Rigoberta Menchú : Menchú was a candidate for the 2011 presidential election, but lost in the first round, winning three percent of the vote again.
Rigoberta Menchú : She has also been a member of the Foundation Chirac's honor committee since the foundation was launched in 2008 by former French president Jacques Chirac in order to promote world peace.
Natalie Imbruglia : Natalie Imbruglia is the elder sister of singer-songwriter Laura Imbruglia.
Natalie Imbruglia : After years of an on-and-off relationship, they announced their engagement shortly before Christmas 2002, and they married on New Year's Eve 2003 in a beach ceremony in Port Douglas, Queensland, Australia.
Svetlana Savitskaya : On July 25, 1984, Savitskaya became the first woman to spacewalk, conducting EVA outside the Salyut 7 space station for 3 hours and 35 minutes, during which she cut and welded metals in space along with her colleague Vladimir Dzhanibekov.
Valentina Tereshkova : Tereshkova was also chosen for several political positions; she was a member of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union (1966–1974), a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (1969–1991), and a member of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet (1974–1989).
Valentina Tereshkova : She was later elected during 2008 to her regional parliament, the Yaroslavl Oblast Duma.
Valentina Tereshkova : Sometime after her mission, she was reportedly asked how the Soviet Union should thank her for her service to the country; Tereshkova requested that the government search for and publish the location of where her father was killed in action.
Valentina Tereshkova : Valentina married cosmonaut Andriyan Nikolayev on 3 November 1963 at the Moscow Wedding Palace with Khrushchev presiding at the wedding party together with top government and space programme leaders.
Joanne Woodward : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anja Pärson : 7 titles (2 overall, 3 GS, 1 SL, 1 SC)
Anja Pärson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anja Pärson : She was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 2006 and in 2007.
Anja Pärson : In June 2012, Pärson announced on the Swedish radio program "Sommar" that she has been in a relationship with a woman, Filippa Rådin, for the past five years, and that they are expecting a child together.
Diana Rigg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Diana Rigg : Dame Enid Diana Elizabeth Rigg (20 July 193810 September 2020) was an English actress of stage and screen.
Diana Rigg : Her father was born in Yorkshire, worked in engineering, and moved to India to work for the railway to take advantage of the career opportunities there.
Christine Korsgaard : She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences in 2001 and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy in 2015.
Christine Korsgaard : In 1996 Korsgaard published a book entitled "The Sources of Normativity", which was the revised version of her Tanner Lectures on Human Values, and also a collection of her past papers on Kant's moral philosophy and Kantian approaches to contemporary moral philosophy: "Creating the Kingdom of Ends".
Zara Tindall : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zara Tindall : Phillips attended Beaudesert Park School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, and Port Regis School in Shaftesbury, Dorset, before following other members of the royal family in attending Gordonstoun School in Moray, Scotland.
Zara Tindall : She has an elder brother, Peter, and two younger half-sisters, Felicity Wade (née Tonkin; from her father's affair with Heather Tonkin) and Stephanie Phillips, from her father's second marriage to Sandy Pflueger.
Barbara Boxer : !
Barbara Boxer : !
Barbara Boxer : Boxer has introduced the National Oceans Protection Act (NOPA) of 2005.
Barbara Boxer : Boxer believes India should not receive aid from the U.S. in the civilian nuclear energy sector until it breaks its relationship with Iran.
Barbara Boxer : Barbara Sue Levy Boxer (born November 11, 1940) is an American politician and lobbyist who served as a United States Senator from California from 1993 to 2017.
Barbara Boxer : Boxer is an advocate for embryonic stem-cell research, which has the potential to help those with diabetes, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, spinal cord injuries, and other diseases.
Barbara Boxer : This legislation, which was signed into law in October 2004 as a small part of the more comprehensive American Jobs Creation Act, is intended to encourage American companies to bring overseas profits back to the United States, to create jobs in the U.S., and stimulate domestic economic growth.
Barbara Boxer : Boxer's first novel, "A Time to Run", was published in 2005 by San Francisco-based Chronicle Books.
Barbara Boxer : Boxer established the Excellence in Education award to recognize teachers, parents, businesses and organizations working to make positive changes in education.
Barbara Boxer : On May 28, 1994, her daughter Nicole married , the younger brother of Hillary Clinton, in a ceremony at the White House attended by 250 guests.
Barbara Boxer : Boxer voted against the confirmation of Chief Justice of the United States nominee John Roberts, and against the confirmation of Associate Justice nominee Samuel Alito.
Barbara Boxer : In 1997, the Senate passed a Boxer resolution calling on the United States not to recognize the Taliban as the official government of Afghanistan because of its human rights abuses against women.
Barbara Boxer : After the September 11 attacks, Boxer authored a bill to protect commercial airliners against attacks by shoulder-fired missiles, and wrote the law allowing airline pilots with special training to carry guns in the cockpit.
Barbara Boxer : In 1991, during the Anita Hill Senate hearings, where Hill accused U.S. Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment, Boxer led a group of women House members to the Senate Judiciary Committee – demanding that the all-white, all-male Committee of Senators take Hill's charges seriously.
Barbara Boxer : During the confirmation hearings for the United States Secretary of State nominee Condoleezza Rice in January 2005, Boxer challenged her to admit to alleged mistakes and false statements made by the Bush Administration in leading the United States into the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and ultimately voted against confirmation, along with twelve other senators.
Barbara Boxer : She wrote Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Tommy Thompson to establish a common national standard for the diagnosis of autism; instruct the CDC and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry to convene a task force to review the current literature on autism and conduct its own study if necessary; and direct the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to work with the states to create a national chronic disease database.
Martina Navratilova : A routine mammogram in January 2010 revealed that she had a ductal carcinoma in situ in her left breast, which she was informed of on February 24, and in March she had the tumour surgically removed; she received radiation therapy in May.
Martina Navratilova : From 1985 through 1987, Navratilova reached the women's singles final at all 11 major tournaments held during those three years, winning six of them.
Martina Navratilova : In 1989, Graf and Navratilova met in the finals of both Wimbledon and the US Open, with Graf winning both encounters 6–1 in the third set.
Chelsea Clinton : Clinton attended Forest Park Elementary School, Booker Arts and Science Magnet Elementary School and Horace Mann Junior High School, both Little Rock public schools.
Chelsea Clinton : On July 31, 2010, Clinton and investment banker Marc Mezvinsky were married in an interfaith ceremony at the Astor Courts estate in Rhinebeck, New York.
Bell hooks : In 2014, she founded the bell hooks Institute at Berea College in Berea, Kentucky.
Diane Keaton : ...
Diane Keaton : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Diane Keaton : She received the Film Society of Lincoln Center's Gala Tribute in 2007.
Diane Keaton : Keaton has two adopted children, daughter Dexter (adopted 1996) and son Duke (2001).
Diane Keaton : One of her clients was Madonna, who purchased a US$6.5million Beverly Hills mansion from Keaton in 2003.
Diane Keaton : In 2010 Keaton starred alongside Rachel McAdams and Harrison Ford in Roger Michell's comedy "Morning Glory", playing the veteran TV host of a fictional morning talk show that desperately needs to boost its lagging ratings.
Diane Keaton : A "San Francisco Examiner" review of the film was one of many in which Keaton was once again compared to Katharine Hepburn: "No longer relying on that stuttering uncertainty that seeped into all her characterizations of the 1970s, she has somehow become Katharine Hepburn with a deep maternal instinct, that is, she is a fine and intelligent actress who doesn't need to be tough and edgy in order to prove her feminism."
Diane Keaton : Over the next four years Keaton directed music videos for artists such as Belinda Carlisle, including the video for Carlisle's chart-topping hit "Heaven Is a Place on Earth," two television films starring Patricia Arquette, and episodes of the series "China Beach" and "Twin Peaks".
Celine Dion : Music critic and Dion biographer Carl Wilson notes that her "fame and influence is also renewed and expressed regularly these days by "American Idol", the largest mass musical phenomenon of the past decade, where Celine's stood solidly in its pantheon of singers for young people to emulate".
Celine Dion : Her music has been influenced by numerous genres, including pop, rock, gospel, R&B, and soul, and her lyrics focus on themes of poverty, world hunger, and spirituality, with an emphasis on love and romance.
Celine Dion : By 1983, in addition to becoming the first Canadian artist to receive a gold record in France for the single "D'amour ou d'amitié" ("Of Love or of Friendship"), Dion had also won several Félix Awards, including "Best Female performer" and "Discovery of the Year".
Celine Dion : Many artists have also praised Dion's voice, singing ability or expressed an interest in working with her including Met Opera conductor and musical director Yannick Nézet-Séguin, Beyoncé, Carlos Santana, Elton John, OneRepublic, Coldplay, Sharon Osbourne, Nicole Scherzinger, Ne-Yo, Carole King, Barbra Streisand, Luciano Pavarotti, Bee Gees, Sir George Martin, Justin Bieber, Jean-Jacques Goldman, and Cher.
Renée Zellweger : After high school, she enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English in 1992.
Renée Zellweger : In 2019, Zellweger starred in her first major television role in the Netflix anthology series "What/If" and garnered critical acclaim for her portrayal of Judy Garland in the biopic "Judy", winning the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Karen Corr : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ann Coulter : Ann Hart Coulter ( ; born December 8, 1961 or 1963) is an American conservative media pundit, best-selling author, syndicated columnist, and lawyer.
Twiggy : Dame Lesley Lawson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ("née" Hornby; born 19 September 1949) is an English model, actress, and singer, widely known by the nickname Twiggy.
Elizabeth Smart : Elizabeth Ann Gilmour (née Smart; born November 3, 1987) is an American child safety activist and commentator for ABC News.
Teri Hatcher : On May 27, 1994, she married actor Jon Tenney; they had a daughter and divorced in March 2003.
Bette Midler : Midler worked on the troubled comedy project "Jinxed!"
Anneli Jäätteenmäki : Anneli Tuulikki Jäätteenmäki (born 11 February 1955) is a Finnish politician who was the first female Prime Minister of Finland from 17 April 2003 to 24 June 2003.
Elizabeth Dole : She is married to former U.S. Senate Majority Leader, 1976 Republican vice-presidential nominee and 1996 Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole.
Elizabeth Dole : Mary Elizabeth "Liddy" Alexander Hanford Dole (born July 29, 1936) is an American politician and author who served in the Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and George H. W. Bush presidential administrations.
Amanda Bearse : Amanda Bearse (born August 9, 1958) is an American actress, director and comedian best known for her role as neighbor Marcy Rhoades D'Arcy on the Fox sitcom "Married... with Children", a sitcom that aired in the United States from 1987 to 1997, and for her performance in the 1985 horror film "Fright Night" opposite William Ragsdale.
Agnetha Fältskog : Their first child, Linda Elin Ulvaeus, was born on 23 February 1973, and their son Peter Christian Ulvaeus on 4 December 1977.
Agnetha Fältskog : Agnetha Fältskog (] ( ) ) (born 5 April 1950) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, musician and actress.
Agnetha Fältskog : She was the first of two daughters of department store manager Knut Ingvar Fältskog (1922–1995) and his wife Birgit Margareta Johansson (1923–1994).
Kathryn Bigelow : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kathryn Bigelow : Kathryn Ann Bigelow ( ; born November 27, 1951) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
Katrina Leung : Leung enrolled at Washington Irving High School in New York City, New York and graduated in June 1972.
Katrina Leung : Katrina Leung () (aka Chan Man Ying, Chen Wen Ying, Luo Zhongshan, Parlor Maid) was a former high value Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) informant and PRC Ministry of State Security (MSS) agent who, on April 9, 2003, was indicted by the United States Department of Justice for "Unauthorized copying of national defense information with intent to injure or benefit a foreign nation".
Lynne Cheney : Lynne Cheney is the author or co-author of several books:
Lynne Cheney : Cheney was portrayed by Amy Adams in the film "Vice", about Dick Cheney, which was released in 2018.
Lynne Cheney : In 1995, she founded the American Council of Trustees and Alumni, a think tank devoted to reforming higher education.
Lynne Cheney : Lynne Ann Cheney ( ; "née" Vincent; born August 14, 1941) is an American author, scholar, and former talk show host.
Lynne Cheney : She continued her education with a Master of Arts degree from the University of Colorado in Boulder, and a PhD in 19th-century British literature from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Lynne Cheney : A descendant of Mormon pioneers, and with roots in Denmark, Sweden, England, Ireland, and Wales, she was raised Presbyterian and became Methodist upon her marriage to Dick Cheney.
Lynne Cheney : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lil' Kim : Jones was born in the Bedford–Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, the second child of Linwood Jones, a former U.S. Marine, and Ruby Jones (later Ruby Jones-Mitchell).
Silvia Saint : In 2006 she won the rights to the Internet domain name silviasaint.com from a cybersquatter in a Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy action.
Silvia Saint : Saint was awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award at Torino Sex 2005, Turin's second annual Delta of Venus Fair.
Silvia Saint : Saint's early films were shot in Europe, many for Private Media Group.
Geena Davis : In August 1999 Davis stated that she was not an athlete growing up and that her introduction to archery was in 1997, two years before her tryouts.
Geena Davis : In July 1999, Davis was one of 300 women who vied for a semifinals berth in the U.S. Olympic archery team to participate in the Sydney 2000 Summer Olympics.
Joan Cusack : She is the sister of actress Ann Cusack and actor John Cusack.
Kate Hudson : At least I can...
Kate Hudson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kate Hudson : In 2012, Hudson was cast on the Fox teen comedy series "Glee", in the recurring role of Cassandra July, a dance teacher at the fictitious New York Academy of the Dramatic Arts.
Kate Hudson : Hudson and Bellamy became engaged in April 2011 and their son, Bingham Hawn Bellamy, was born in July 2011.
Marisa Tomei : Marisa Tomei was born on December 4, 1964, in Brooklyn, New York, to Adelaide "Addie" (née Bianchi), an English teacher, and Gary A. Tomei, a trial lawyer.
Chloë Sevigny : Chloë Stevens Sevigny ( , born Chloe Stevens Sevigny; November 18, 1974) is an American actress, model, filmmaker, and fashion designer.
Chloë Sevigny : Sevigny rose to prominence with her portrayal of Lana Tisdel in the drama film "Boys Don't Cry" (1999), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award For Best Supporting Actress.
Yoko Shimomura : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoko Shimomura : Shimomura's music for "Kingdom Hearts" made up one fourth of the music of the Symphonic Fantasies concerts in September 2009, which were produced by the creators of the Symphonic Game Music Concert series and conducted by Arnie Roth.
Yoko Shimomura : Two compilation books of music from the series have also been published as "Seiken Densetsu Best Collection Piano Solo Sheet Music" first and second editions, with the second including Shimomura's tracks from "Legend of Mana".
Deng Nan : Deng studied physics at Peking University from 1964 to 1970.
Deng Nan : She was a member of the 17th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Deng Nan : Deng Nan () (born October 1945 in Guang'an, Sichuan) is a Chinese politician and physicist.
Claire Danes : In 2010, she portrayed Temple Grandin in the highly acclaimed HBO television film "Temple Grandin", which won her a second Golden Globe and her first Primetime Emmy Award for the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.
Claire Danes : She attended The Dalton School for one year of high school before moving with her parents to Santa Monica, California for the role in "My So-Called Life".
Dianne Feinstein : "City and State" magazine named Feinstein the nation's "Most Effective Mayor" in 1987.
Dianne Feinstein : Governor Pat Brown appointed her to the California Women's Parole Board in 1960.
Dianne Feinstein : Her net worth increased to between $43 and $99 million by 2005.
Dianne Feinstein : In June 2013, Feinstein called Edward Snowden a "traitor" after his leaks went public.
Dianne Feinstein : While praising the NSA, Feinstein had accused the CIA of snooping and removing files through Congress members' computers, saying, "[t]he CIA did not ask the committee or its staff if the committee had access to the internal review or how we obtained it.
Dianne Feinstein : During her tenure on the Board of Supervisors, she unsuccessfully ran for mayor of San Francisco twice, in 1971 against Mayor Joseph Alioto, and in 1975, when she lost the contest for a runoff slot (against George Moscone) by one percentage point to Supervisor John Barbagelata.
Dianne Feinstein : After the 2016 FBI–Apple encryption dispute, Feinstein and Richard Burr sponsored a bill that would be likely to criminalize all forms of strong encryption in electronic communication between citizens.
Dianne Feinstein : In 1962, shortly after beginning her career in politics, Feinstein married her second husband, neurosurgeon Bertram Feinstein, who died of colon cancer in 1978.
Dianne Feinstein : She married Jack Berman (d. 2002), who was then working in the San Francisco District Attorney's Office, in 1956.
Dianne Feinstein : Dianne Goldman Berman Feinstein ( ; born Dianne Emiel Goldman; June 22, 1933) is an American politician who has served as a United States Senator from California since 1992.
Margaret Beckett : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margaret Beckett : Dame Margaret Mary Beckett {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ("née " Jackson; born 15 January 1943) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Derby South since 1983.
Rene Russo : Rene Marie Russo (born February 17, 1954) is an American actress and model.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc : In 1996, Phúc met the surgeons who had saved her life.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc : On November 10, 1994, Kim Phúc was named a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc : Her biography, "The Girl in the Picture", was written by Denise Chong and published in 1999.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc : On October 22, 2004, Kim Phúc was made a member of the Order of Ontario, and received an honorary Doctorate of Law from York University for her work to support child victims of war around the world.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc : Phan Thị Kim Phúc {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (] ; born April 6, 1963), referred to informally as the Napalm girl, is a South Vietnamese-born Canadian woman best known as the nine-year-old child depicted in the Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph taken at Trảng Bàng during the Vietnam War on June 8, 1972.
Donna Haraway : In September 2000, Haraway was awarded the Society for Social Studies of Science's highest honor, the J. D. Bernal Award, for her "distinguished contributions" to the field.
Donna Haraway : Her work criticizes anthropocentrism, emphasizes the self-organizing powers of nonhuman processes, and explores dissonant relations between those processes and cultural practices, rethinking sources of ethics.
Donna Haraway : Haraway attended high school at St. Mary's Academy in Cherry Hills Village, Colorado.
Donna Haraway : Haraway's father was a sportswriter for "The Denver Post" and her mother, who came from a heavily Irish Catholic background, died from a heart attack when Haraway was 16 years old.
Mary Bell : The judge, Justice Cusack, described her as dangerous and said she posed a "very grave risk to other children".
Claudia Cardinale : Claude Joséphine Rose "Claudia" Cardinale (] ; born 15 April 1938) is a Tunisian-born Italian film actress who starred in some of the most acclaimed European films of the 1960s and 1970s, mainly Italian or French, but also in many English-language films.
Anjelica Huston : In December 2012, Huston recorded a public service announcement for PETA urging her colleagues in Hollywood to refrain from using great apes in television, films, and advertisements.
Anjelica Huston : She decided to actively pursue acting in the early 1980s, and, subsequently, had her breakthrough with her performance in "Prizzi's Honor" (1985), also directed by her father, for which she became the third generation of her family to receive an Academy Award, when she won Best Supporting Actress, joining both John and Walter Huston in this recognition.
Jada Pinkett Smith : Pinkett Smith launched her music career in 2002, when she helped create the heavy metal band Wicked Wisdom, for which she was a singer and songwriter.
Jada Pinkett Smith : Jada has been married to Will Smith since 1997, with whom she has two children: son Jaden and daughter Willow.
Megawati Sukarnoputri : Megawati was elected Chair and was nominated as PDI-P's presidential candidate.
Megawati Sukarnoputri : On 27 June 1972, she married Hassan Gamal Ahmad Hassan, an Egyptian diplomat.
Megawati Sukarnoputri : Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Sukarnoputri (] ( ) ; born 23 January 1947) is an Indonesian politician who served as the fifth president of Indonesia from 2001 to 2004.
Amélie Mauresmo : She officially announced her retirement from professional tennis on 3 December 2009, ending a career of fifteen years.
Amélie Mauresmo : On 8 June 2014, Mauresmo was announced as the new coach of Andy Murray.
Micheline Calmy-Rey : She received her diploma in 1963 in Saint-Maurice and a licence degree in political science at the Graduate Institute of International Studies, Geneva, in 1968.
Micheline Calmy-Rey : Calmy-Rey was born in Sion in the canton of Valais on 8 July 1945 to Charles and Adeline Rey.
Micheline Calmy-Rey : On 1 January 2007, Calmy-Rey became the second female President of the Confederation in history, the first having been her predecessor on the Federal Council, Ruth Dreifuss.
Sally Field : Field's other 1990s films included "Not Without My Daughter", a controversial thriller based on the real-life experience of Betty Mahmoody's escape from Iran with her daughter Mahtob; and "Soapdish", a comedy in which she played a pampered soap-opera star and was joined by an all-star cast, including Kevin Kline, Whoopi Goldberg, Elisabeth Shue, and Robert Downey, Jr.
Justine Henin : 1.
Justine Henin : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Justine Henin : In 2016, she became the first Belgian tennis player inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame.
Justine Henin : TENNIS Magazine placed her in 31st place on its list of that year of the 40 Greatest Players for the period 1965 through 2005.
Vicky Leandros : Vasiliki Papathanasiou ( ; born 23 August 1949), generally known as Vicky Leandros ( ), is a Greek singer living in Germany.
Annie Lennox : Ann Lennox {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 25 December 1954) is a Scottish singer-songwriter, political activist and philanthropist.
Rebecca Romijn : Her mother met Rebecca's father as a teenager while living in the Netherlands on a student exchange program.
Rebecca Romijn : Romijn's maternal grandfather, Henry Bernard Kuizenga, was a Presbyterian minister and seminary professor.
Rebecca Romijn : Rebecca Alie O'Connell (née Romijn ( ; ] ); born November 6, 1972) is an American actress and former model.
Hana Mandlíková : Mandlíková was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1994 and received the Hall of Fame ring in 2017.
Hana Mandlíková : Inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1994, she is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time.
Hana Mandlíková : Hana Mandlíková (born 19 February 1962) is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia who later obtained Australian citizenship.
Julianne Moore : In October 2013, Moore received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Julianne Moore : Julie Anne Smith (born December 3, 1960), known professionally as Julianne Moore, is an American actress and author.
Julianne Moore : Moore's success at Cannes made her the second actress in history, after Juliette Binoche, to win Best Actress awards at the "Big Three" film festivals (Berlin, Cannes, and Venice).
Ubol Ratana : Princess Ubol Ratana ( , , ] ; born 5 April 1951) is a member of the Thai royal family.
Margaret Court : † Some sources have Elizabeth Ryan winning over 200 singles titles in her career.
Margaret Court : In January 2003, Show Court One at the sports and entertainment complex Melbourne Park was renamed Margaret Court Arena.
Margaret Court : According to the end-of-year rankings compiled by London's "Daily Telegraph" from 1914 to 1972, Court was ranked world No.
Margaret Court : Court won 62 of the 85 Grand Slam tournament finals (72.9%) she played, including 24–5 (82.8%) in singles finals, 19–14 (57.6%) in women's doubles finals and 19–4 (82.6%) in mixed doubles finals.
Margaret Court : Court won more than half of all the Grand Slam contests held in 1963 (8 of 12), 1964 (7 of 12), 1965 (9 of 12), 1969 (8 of 12), 1970 (7 of 11) and 1973 (6 of 11).
Margaret Court : She won the singles Grand Slam in 1970, the mixed doubles Grand Slam in 1963 with fellow Australian Ken Fletcher and the mixed doubles Grand Slam in 1965 with three different partners (Fletcher, John Newcombe and Fred Stolle).
Carrie-Anne Moss : Carrie-Anne Moss (born August 21, 1967) is a Canadian actress.
Fan Chung : They were close friends of the mathematician Paul Erdős, and have both published papers with him – 13 in her case; thus, both have Erdős numbers of 1.
Yoko Kanno : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Megumi Hayashibara : Hayashibara was born on March 30, 1967 in Kita Tokyo, Japan.
Yui Horie : In 1995, during the first year of college, Horie auditioned at the Japan Voice Acting Institute for a scholarship, the voice training school for Arts Vision.
Keira Knightley : Knightley then began a relationship with the musician James Righton, of Klaxons, in February 2011.
Keira Knightley : Knightley has been described by media outlets as being "famously open with media", although she herself has asserted the contrary, "I don't talk about my private life."
Keira Knightley : Although the film received unfavourable reviews, Knightley's stature as a performer grew; she was voted by the readers of "Hello" magazine as the industry's most promising teen star, and featured in "Time" magazine's article, which stated that she seemed dedicated to develop herself as a serious actor rather than a film star.
Keira Knightley : The dress she wore to the 2006 Academy Awards was donated to the charity Oxfam, where it raised £4,300.
Anna Karina : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna Karina : Karina wrote four novels: " " (1973), "Golden City" (1983), " " (1988), and "Jusqu'au bout du hasard" (1998).
Anna Karina : Despite the critical success, their relationship behind the scenes was described as tumultuous; they fought on film sets, Karina fell ill several times, and Godard was often absent without explanation.
Anna Karina : Karina wrote, directed and starred in "Victoria" (2008), a musical road movie filmed in Montreal and Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec.
Anna Karina : "The New York Times" described her as "one of the screen's great beauties and an enduring symbol of the French New Wave."
Anna Karina : He drove me a bit crazy.After divorcing Godard, Karina remarried three times; she was married to French actors Pierre Fabre from 1968 to 1974 and Daniel Duval from 1978 to 1981, and to American film director Dennis Berry from 1982 until her death.
Anna Karina : In 1972, Karina set up a production company for her directorial debut, "Vivre ensemble" (1973), which screened in the Critics' Week lineup at the 26th Cannes Film Festival.
Anna Karina : Refinery29 wrote that "her 60s French girl style – think sailor dresses, tartan, long socks, and hats – and mesmerizing doe-eyed beauty mean she continues to be referenced today by the super-stylish."
Carolyn S. Shoemaker : She was actively involved in astronomical observation work till at least 2002. s of 2002 , Shoemaker had been credited with discovering or co-discovering 32 comets and over 800 asteroids.
Carolyn S. Shoemaker : Carolyn Jean Spellmann Shoemaker (born June 24, 1929) is an American astronomer and is a co-discoverer of Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9.
Shirley M. Tilghman : Tilghman was the 19th president of Princeton University; she was the first woman to hold the position and the second female president in the Ivy League.
Rosalind Chao : Chao was born in Anaheim, California.
Robin Tunney : Robin Tunney (born June 19, 1972) is an American actress.
Katarina Witt : Katarina Witt (] , ; born 3 December 1965) is a German actress and retired figure skater.
Katarina Witt : Witt trained 6 days a week, sometimes for 7 hours a day with 3 hours spent on compulsory figures.
Katarina Witt : She is a four-time World Champion (1984, 1985, 1987, 1988) and two-time World silver medalist (1982, 1986).
Selma Blair : She filed for divorce from Zappa at the Los Angeles Superior Court on June 21, 2006, citing "irreconcilable differences."
Kelly Rowland : In June 2007, Kelly Rowland embarked on the Ms. Kelly Tour to promote her second solo album "Ms. Kelly".
BoA : Kwon Bo-ah ( , born November 5, 1986), known professionally as BoA, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer and actress.
Anne Dudley : Dudley was born in Beckenham, Kent.
Katie Price : In 2002, she appeared on the September cover of the American edition of "Playboy" magazine.
Katie Price : Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Price (née Infield; 22 May 1978), known previously by the pseudonym Jordan, is an English media personality, model and businesswoman.
Katie Price : Price initially gained recognition in 1996 for her glamour modelling work with frequent appearances on Page 3 in British tabloids "The Sun" and "The" "Daily Star", credited as Jordan.
Mel B : Brown said that she had a four-year relationship with a woman when she was in her teens.
Kim Clijsters : 1 Caroline Wozniacki in 2011.
Mary Harney : She was Ireland's first female Tánaiste from 1997 to 2006 and the first woman to lead a party in Dáil Éireann.
Violeta Chamorro : Violeta Chamorro (] , born Violeta Barrios Torres; 18 October 1929) is a Nicaraguan politician who served as President of Nicaragua from 1990 to 1997.
Christie Brinkley : After graduation in 1972, she moved to Paris to study art.
Christie Brinkley : She became a vegetarian when she was 13 years old and then got her entire family to become vegetarians.
Christie Brinkley : Brinkley went on to work as an actress, illustrator, television personality, photographer, writer, designer, and activist for human and animal rights and the environment.
Christie Brinkley : Brinkley supports animal rights, most notably through the organization PETA, having previously spoken out against the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus.
Christie Brinkley : With a career spanning more than three decades, magazines such as "Allure" and "Men's Health" have named Brinkley one of the most attractive women of all time.
Christie Brinkley : Brinkley has been married four times, most notably between 1985 and 1994 to musician Billy Joel, several of whose music videos she appeared in.
Christie Brinkley : Her family moved to Canoga Park, Los Angeles, California, where her mother Marjorie later met and married television writer Donald Brinkley in Bel Air, Los Angeles.
Nexhmije Hoxha : Hoxha died on 26 February 2020 aged 99 at her home in Tirana from natural causes.
Nexhmije Hoxha : Nexhmije Hoxha (] ; ; 8 February 1921 – 26 February 2020) was an Albanian Communist politician, for many years she was the spouse of Enver Hoxha, the first leader of the Socialist People's Republic of Albania and the First Secretary of the Party of Labour of Albania.
Jena Malone : In May 2016, Malone gave birth to a son, Ode Mountain, with her boyfriend, photographer Ethan DeLorenzo.
Jena Malone : Malone continued to appear in both independent and mainstream features throughout the 2000s, with supporting roles in the dramas "The Ballad of Jack and Rose" (2005), "Into the Wild" (2007), and the horror film "The Ruins" (2008).
Yū Asakawa : She was previously married to fellow voice actor Showtaro Morikubo but the two are now divorced.
Yū Asakawa : She served as a co-host of an internet webshow Otaku Verse Zero with Patrick Macias, a previous editor-in-chief of Otaku USA.
Satsuki Yukino : She played Kagome Higurashi in "Inuyasha", Mutsumi Otohime in "Love Hina", Yoruichi Shihouin in "Bleach", Kaname Chidori in "Full Metal Panic!
Junko Noda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Junko Noda : In 2005, Noda provided vocals for an EP with Japanese guitarist Jun Senoue entitled "Ready!".
Cherie Blair : She read law at the London School of Economics and graduated with First-Class Honours.
Cherie Blair : Married on 29 March 1980, the Blairs have three sons and one daughter: Euan (born 1984), Nicholas (born 1985), Kathryn (born 1988), and Leo (born 2000).
Frances McDormand : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Frances McDormand : McDormand starred in the 2017 film "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri", for which she won her second Academy Award for Best Actress (her statuette was stolen briefly following the awards ceremony), the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.
Kim Cattrall : In 2020, Cattrall starred and executive produced the Fox drama "Filthy Rich".
Kim Cattrall : Kim Victoria Cattrall ( ; born 21 August 1956) is a British-born Canadian-American actress.
Kim Cattrall : She took acting examinations at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, but returned to Canada after one year, and moved to New York City at the age of 16 for her first acting role.
Kristin Davis : She is a recovering alcoholic and says she was introduced to alcohol early as part of her Southern upbringing: "Alcohol freed me.
Kristin Davis : Davis appeared in 2008's "Sex and the City" feature film, under the direction of executive producer Michael Patrick King.
Kristin Davis : In 1998, Davis was cast as Charlotte York in the HBO romantic comedy series "Sex and the City" and remained an integral cast member until the series ended in 2004.
Kristin Davis : Kristin Landen Davis (also listed as Kristin Lee Davis; born February 23, 1965) is an American actress.
Kristin Davis : Early in her childhood, she and her parents moved to Columbia, South Carolina, where her father served as provost and taught psychology at the University of South Carolina.
Evelyn Glennie : She owns over 2000 percussion instruments from all over the world and is continually adding to her collection.
Evelyn Glennie : Dame Evelyn Elizabeth Ann Glennie, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 19 July 1965) is a Scottish percussionist.
Anna Paquin : Anna Hélène Paquin ( ; born 24 July 1982) is a New Zealand-Canadian actress.
Monica Bellucci : Monica Anna Maria Bellucci (] ; born 30 September 1964) is an Italian actress and model.
Linda Evangelista : Evangelista's modelling career began in 1984 when she signed with Elite Model Management after having moved from her native Canada to New York City.
Heidi Klum : In 1997, Klum married stylist Ric Pipino.
Heidi Klum : For the 2008 US Open, Klum designed a screen print T-shirt which was sold at the US Open shop.
Portia de Rossi : Portia de Rossi, born Amanda Lee Rogers in Horsham, Victoria, Australia, is the daughter of Margaret, a medical receptionist, and Barry Rogers, who was part Jewish.
Portia de Rossi : Portia Lee James DeGeneres (born Amanda Lee Rogers; 31 January 1973), known professionally as Portia de Rossi, is an Australian-American businesswoman, philanthropist, and former model and actress.
Elle Macpherson : She appeared on the cover a record five times: 1986, 1987, 1988, 1994, and 2006.
Anna Faris : Her father worked at the University of Washington as a vice president of internal communications, and later headed the Washington Biotechnology and Biomedical Association, while her mother taught at Seaview Elementary School in Edmonds.
Pema Chödrön : In 2016 she was awarded the Global Bhikkhuni Award, presented by the Chinese Buddhist Bhikkhuni Association of Taiwan.
Pema Chödrön : Chödrön moved to Gampo Abbey in 1984, the first Tibetan Buddhist monastery in North America for Western men and women, and became its first director in 1986.
Pema Chödrön : During this period, she met Dzigar Kongtrul Rinpoche and took him as her teacher.
Pema Chödrön : In Hong Kong in 1981 she became the first American in the Vajrayana tradition to become a fully ordained nun or bhikṣuṇī.
Pema Chödrön : Pema Chödrön (born Deirdre Blomfield-Brown, July 14, 1936) is an American Tibetan Buddhist.
Pema Chödrön : In 1974, she became a novice Buddhist nun under Rangjung Rigpe Dorje, the sixteenth Gyalwa Karmapa.
Kelly Preston : Preston was a spokeswoman for Neutrogena, appearing in its print and television ads.
Kelly Preston : On January 2, 2009, Jett Travolta died while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas.
Kelly Preston : Preston played the girlfriend of her husband John Travolta's character Terl in the film "Battlefield Earth" (2000), and received "Worst Supporting Actress" at the 21st Golden Raspberry Awards for her role in the film.
Kelly Preston : She was briefly engaged to Charlie Sheen in 1990, but ended the relationship shortly after he allegedly shot her in the arm.
Kelly Preston : Her other roles included "SpaceCamp" (1986), "Twins" (1988) with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito, Avery Bishop in "Jerry Maguire" (1996) with Tom Cruise, Jane Aubrey in "For Love of the Game" with Kevin Costner and Kate Newell, and in "Holy Man" (1998) with Eddie Murphy and Jeff Goldblum.
Katherine Paterson : She was the second U.S. National Ambassador for Young People's Literature, serving 2010 and 2011.
Katherine Paterson : Paterson said during World War II, her parents and four siblings lived in Virginia and North Carolina, and when her family’s return to China was indefinitely postponed, they moved to various towns in North Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia, before her parents settled in Winchester, Virginia.
Katherine Paterson : Her husband John Barstow Paterson, a retired Presbyterian pastor, died in 2013.
Katherine Paterson : "Bridge to Terabithia" has been adapted into film twice, the 1985 PBS version and the 2007 Disney/Walden Media co-production version.
Katherine Paterson : Katherine Womeldorf Paterson (born October 31, 1932) is a Chinese-born American writer best known for children's novels, including "Bridge to Terabithia".
Ilon Wikland : Maire-Ilon Wikland (née Pääbo; born February 5, 1930) is an Estonian-born Swedish artist and illustrator.
Ilon Wikland : In 1944 she escaped with the family of a classmate from the second Soviet occupation of Estonia, to Sweden.
Ilon Wikland : She has also provided the illustrations for many picture-books by Lindgren and many other writers, including "The Dragon with Red Eyes", "I Want a Brother or Sister", "That’s My Baby", "Brenda Helps Grandmother", "Simon Small Moves in", and "The Borrowers".
Tippi Hedren : Nathalie Kay "Tippi" Hedren (born January 19, 1930) is an American actress, animal rights activist, and former fashion model.
Tippi Hedren : In 2018, at age 88, Hedren became the new face of Gucci's timepieces and jewelry and starred as a mysterious fortune teller in the brand's commercial ad, "The Fortune Teller".
Tippi Hedren : Nathalie Kay Hedren was born in New Ulm, Minnesota, on January 19, 1930, to Bernard Carl (1893-1979) and Dorothea Henrietta (née Eckhardt; 1899-1994) Hedren.
Elizabeth Warren : On February 9, 2019, Warren announced her candidacy in the 2020 United States presidential election.
Elizabeth Warren : Elizabeth Ann Warren (née Herring; born June 22, 1949) is an American politician and former law professor who is the senior United States senator from Massachusetts, serving since 2013.
Elizabeth Warren : She served as chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, and she proposed and established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, for which she served as the first special advisor under President Barack Obama.
Alice Munro : Their daughters Sheila, Catherine, and Jenny were born in 1953, 1955, and 1957 respectively; Catherine died the day of her birth due to the lack of functioning kidneys.
Alice Munro : In recent work such as "Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage" (2001) and "Runaway" (2004) she has shifted her focus to the travails of middle age, of women alone, and of the elderly.
Alice Munro : On 10 October 2013, Munro was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, cited as a "master of the contemporary short story".
Alice Munro : Munro's prose reveals the ambiguities of life: "ironic and serious at the same time," "mottoes of godliness and honor and flaming bigotry," "special, useless knowledge," "tones of shrill and happy outrage," "the bad taste, the heartlessness, the joy of it."
Morena Baccarin : Baccarin and McKenzie announced their engagement in November 2016.
Samantha Fox : In 1994, it was reported that Fox had become a born-again Christian; that year she played at the Christian arts festival Greenbelt.
Samantha Fox : In 2009, she announced her plans to form a civil partnership with Stratton.
Samantha Fox : In 2003, Fox made a statement about her personal life: "I have slept with other women but I've not been in love before Myra Stratton.
Samantha Fox : Fox's father Patrick, a former carpenter, managed her career until 1991, when she hired accountants to trace over £1 million (£ million today) that she believed he had embezzled from her accounts.
Mischa Barton : Mischa Barton (born 24 January 1986) is a British-American film, television, and stage actress.
Briana Banks : On October 13, 2006, Banks reportedly filed a federal lawsuit seeking more than US$75,000 in damages against Doc Johnson Enterprises, charging that they had created unauthorized products from molds of her genitals.
Briana Banks : Briana Banks (born Briana Bany; 21 May 1979) is a German American pornographic actress and model.
Jeanette Winterson : She soon after attended Accrington and Rossendale College, and supported herself at a variety of odd jobs while reading English at Oxford University.
Jeanette Winterson : In 2015, she married psychotherapist Susie Orbach, author of "Fat is a Feminist Issue".
Kelly McGillis : After getting her GED after dropping out of high school in 1975, she moved to New York City to study acting at the Juilliard School, where she graduated in 1983, Group 12.
Kelly McGillis : McGillis was born on July 9, 1957, in Newport Beach, California, the daughter of Virginia Joan (née Snell), a homemaker, and Dr. Donald Manson McGillis, a doctor.
Kelly McGillis : McGillis married fellow Juilliard student Boyd Black in 1979, but the couple divorced in 1981.
Imelda Marcos : The People Power Revolution in February 1986 unseated the Marcoses and forced the family into exile in Hawaii.
Imelda Marcos : She married Ferdinand Marcos in 1954 and became First Lady in 1965 when he became President of the Philippines.
Carol Gilligan : Carol Gilligan ( ; born November 28, 1936) is an American feminist, ethicist, and psychologist best known for her work on ethical community and ethical relationships and certain subject-object problems in ethics.
Mata Amritanandamayi : Born to a family of fishermen in 1953, she was the third child of Sugunanandan and Damayanti.
Mata Amritanandamayi : Amritanandamayi's organization has been cleaning the Pampa River and Sabarimala Kerala Temple pilgrimage site annually since 2012.
Mata Amritanandamayi : In 1987, at the request of devotees, Amṛtānandamayī began to conduct programs in countries throughout the world.
Mata Amritanandamayi : Mātā Amritānandamayī Devi is an Indian guru from Parayakadavu (now partially known as Amritapuri), Alappad Panchayat in Karunagappally, Kollam District, in the state of Kerala.
Mata Amritanandamayi : Given the size of the crowds coming to seek Amṛtānandamayī's blessings, there have been times when she has given darshana for more than 20 continuous hours.
Mata Amritanandamayi : On 27 September 2015, Amritanandamayi pledged that her NGO would dedicate the value of another US$15 million to toilet construction and other sanitation efforts specifically in the Indian state of Kerala.
Mata Amritanandamayi : On 11 September 2015, Amritanandamayi donated US$15 million to the Government of India's Namami Gange "Clean the Ganges" program for the specific purpose of constructing toilets for poor families living along the Ganges River.
Mata Amritanandamayi : On 1 August 2012, a 23-year-old law student from Bihar, Satnam Singh Mann, attempted to barge onto the podium of Amṛtānandamayī at her ashram in Kollam.
Mata Amritanandamayi : In 1981, after spiritual seekers had begun residing at her parents' property in Parayakadavu in the hopes of becoming Amṛtānandamayī's disciples, the Mātā Amṛtānandamayī Math (MAM), a worldwide foundation, was founded.
Mata Amritanandamayi : Mātā Amritānandamayī Devī (born Sudhamani Idamannel; 27 September 1953), often known simply as Amma ("Mother"), is an Indian Hindu spiritual leader, guru and humanitarian, who is revered as the hugging saint by her followers.
Carol Thatcher : Put them back."
Carol Thatcher : Thatcher refused, saying "I stand by what I said.
Carol Thatcher : From 2006 to 2009, Thatcher was a freelance contributor to the BBC One magazine programme "The One Show", making filmed reports and joining the presenters and guests in the studio for discussions.
Carol Thatcher : She became a TV reporter at Channel Seven, also in Sydney, and later a reporter on its news morning show, "11AM".
Carol Thatcher : She graduated with a law degree from University College London, before moving to Australia in 1977 to begin a journalism career.
Carol Thatcher : Carol Jane Thatcher (born 15 August 1953) is an English journalist, author and media personality.
Maaya Sakamoto : On August 8, 2011, she married fellow voice actor and frequent co-star Kenichi Suzumura.
Maaya Sakamoto : In 2011, her seventh album "You Can't Catch Me" became her first album to reach the first stop of the Oricon charts.
Courteney Cox : After the conclusion of "Friends", Cox was producer Marc Cherry's first choice to be offered a starring role as Susan Mayer on "Desperate Housewives", but Cox was unavailable due to her pregnancy and the role later went to Teri Hatcher.
Courteney Cox : Her other major films during this period include the crime thriller "The Runner" (1999), the crime drama "3000 Miles to Graceland" (2001), and the comedy "The Shrink Is In" (2001).
Courteney Cox : After graduating from Mountain Brook High School, Cox left for Mount Vernon College in Washington, D.C. (now part of George Washington University), but did not complete her architecture course, opting instead to pursue a career in modeling and acting.
Jeanne Shaheen : Cynthia Jeanne Shaheen ( ; née Bowers, born January 28, 1947) is an American politician serving as the senior United States senator from New Hampshire since 2009.
Laurie Metcalf : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monica Seles : She was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2009.
Monica Seles : On April 21, 2009, Seles released her memoir "Getting A Grip: On My Body, My Mind, My Self" which chronicles her bout with depression and binge eating disorder (BED) after her stabbing, her father's cancer diagnosis and eventual death, her journey back to the game and a life beyond tennis.
Susana Higuchi : Susana Shizuko Higuchi Miyagawa (born 26 April 1950) is a Japanese Peruvian politician and engineer, better known as the former wife of President Alberto Fujimori.
Fran Drescher : Francine Joy Drescher (born September 30, 1957) is an American actress, comedian, writer, and activist.
Christiane Amanpour : Christiane Maria Heideh Amanpour ( ; ; born 12 January 1958) is a British-Iranian journalist and television host.
Zadie Smith : In December 2008 she guest-edited the BBC Radio 4 "Today" programme.
Zadie Smith : She joined New York University's Creative Writing Program as a tenured professor on 1 September 2010.
Zadie Smith : Between March and October 2011, Smith was the monthly New Books reviewer for "Harper's Magazine".
Zadie Smith : Smith's second novel, "The Autograph Man", was published in 2002 and was a commercial success, although it was not as well received by critics as "White Teeth".
Carolina Klüft : She is also a member of the Swedish 4 × 100 m relay team at international competitions, and was part of the team that set the national record.
Carolina Klüft : Klüft was nominated for four consecutive Laureus World Sportswoman of the Year awards from 2005 to 2008.
Carolina Klüft : When not training or competing, Klüft is a student at the Linnaeus University, studying Peace and Development.
Carolina Klüft : Born in Sandhult, Västergötland, Klüft grew up in Växjö, where her father, mother and three sisters still live.
Édith Cresson : Édith Cresson (] ; née Campion; born 27 January 1934) is a French politician.
Tracy Austin : In 1992, Austin became the youngest person to be inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame, at the age of 29.
Coco Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Coco Lee : Her new album "Illuminate" (盛開) was released on 31 May 2013 with Universal Music.
Coco Lee : Lee married Bruce Rockowitz (born 24 October 1958), a Jewish-Canadian businessman and former CEO of Li & Fung on 27 October 2011 in a lavish Jewish wedding ceremony in Hong Kong.
Diane Lane : 45 on AskMen.com's Top 99 Most Desirable Women in 2005, No.
Diane Lane : Lane is also involved in several charities, including Heifer International, which focuses on world hunger, and Artists for Peace and Justice, a Hollywood organization that supports Haiti relief.
Michelle Rodriguez : With her performance as Diana Guzman, a troubled teen who decides to channel her aggression by training to become a boxer, Rodriguez accumulated several awards and nominations for the role in independent circles, including major acting accolades from the National Board of Review, Deauville Film Festival, Independent Spirit Awards, Gotham Awards, Las Vegas Film Critics Sierra Awards, and many others.
Chandrika Kumaratunga : Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga ( , ; born 29 June 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the fifth President of Sri Lanka, from 12 November 1994 to 19 November 2005.
Chandrika Kumaratunga : Chandrika married movie star and politician Vijaya Kumaratunga in 1978, who was assassinated on 16 February 1988, outside his residence in the presence of Chandrika and their two children, then aged five and seven.
Delta Goodrem : The tour ran from 9 January to 4 February 2009.
Delta Goodrem : In November, she also recorded a Christmas EP titled "Christmas".
Delta Goodrem : Much of the album, in particular "Extraordinary Day", was inspired by her battle with cancer.
Delta Goodrem : It became her fourth consecutive number one single in Australia, overtaking the previous effort of three number-ones from Kylie Minogue's debut album, "Kylie" (1988).
Delta Goodrem : Goodrem's largely self-penned debut album, "Innocent Eyes", was released on 24 March 2003 in Australia and debuted at number one on the ARIA Album Charts, breaking Australian records previously held by John Farnham's "Whispering Jack" (1986) by staying at number one for 29 consecutive weeks, while tying with Neil Diamond's "Hot August Night" (1972) as the second-longest charting number one album with a total of 29 weeks at top spot.
Sarah Brightman : On 8 August 2008, Brightman sang the Olympic theme song, "You and Me", with Chinese star Liu Huan in both Mandarin and English at the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony.
Bebe Neuwirth : Beatrice 'Bebe' Neuwirth ( ; born December 31, 1958) is an American actress, singer and dancer.
Gina Lynn : In 2012 Lynn announced that she had retired from the porn industry, but continues to appear on webcams.
Gina Lynn : Lynn was born in Puerto Rico, and moved to New Jersey at age five.
Michelle Branch : Since then, she has released extended plays in 2010 and 2011, and a third solo album, "Hopeless Romantic", on 7 April 2017.
Michelle Branch : Branch sold her Calabasas, California home and moved to Nashville, Tennessee.
Michelle Branch : 1964) in Mexico on May 23, 2004, and gave birth to a girl in August 2005.
Michelle Branch : Branch has stated that her music has been influenced by The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, Aerosmith, Lisa Loeb, Joni Mitchell, Queen, Alanis Morissette, Dolores O'Riordan, Jewel, Fleetwood Mac and Cat Stevens.
Nan Goldin : In 2006, her exhibition, "Chasing a Ghost," opened in New York.
Nan Goldin : Nancy "Nan" Goldin (born September 12, 1953) is an American photographer.
Nan Goldin : An exhibition of Goldin's work was censored in Brazil, two months before opening, due to its sexually explicit nature.
Nan Goldin : Goldin's work since 1995 has included a wide array of subject matter: collaborative book projects with Japanese photographer Nobuyoshi Araki; New York City skylines; uncanny landscapes (notably of people in water); her lover, Siobhan; and babies, parenthood and family life.
Nan Goldin : Some critics have accused Goldin of making heroin use appear glamorous and of pioneering a grunge style that later became popularized by youth fashion magazines such as "The Face" and "I-D".
Nan Goldin : Goldin has undertaken commercial fashion photography—for Australian label Scanlan & Theodore's Spring/Summer 2010 campaign, shot with model Erin Wasson; for Italian luxury label Bottega Veneta's Spring/Summer 2010 campaign with models Sean O'Pry and Anya Kazakova, evoking memories of her "Ballad of Sexual Dependency"; for shoemaker Jimmy Choo in 2011 with model Linda Vojtova; and for Dior in 2013, "1000 LIVES", featuring Robert Pattinson.
Téa Leoni : Téa Leoni ( ; born Elizabeth Téa Pantaleoni; February 25, 1966) is an American actress and producer.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés : Clarissa Pinkola Estés (born January 27, 1945) is a first-generation American writer and Jungian psychoanalyst.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés : Her teaching of writing, storytelling and traditional medicine practices continued in prisons, beginning in the early 1970s at the Men's Penitentiary in Colorado; the Federal Women's Prison at Dublin, California, the Montview Facility for Youth in Colorado, and other institutions.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés : There she worked with World War I, World War II, Korean and Vietnam War soldiers who were living with quadraplegia, incapacitated by loss of arms and legs.
Silvia Cartwright : Cartwright is a former student at Otago Girls' High School, and is a graduate of the University of Otago, where she gained her Bachelor of Laws degree in 1967.
Silvia Cartwright : In 1969, Cartwright married lawyer Peter John Cartwright.
Silvia Cartwright : Dame Silvia Rose Cartwright (née Poulter, born 7 November 1943) is a New Zealand jurist who served as the 18th Governor-General of New Zealand, from 2001 to 2006.
Dawn French : In 1977, French began studying drama at Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, where she met her future comedy partner, Jennifer Saunders.
Dawn French : Dawn Roma French was born on 11 October 1957 in Holyhead, Wales, to English parents Felicity Roma ("née" O'Brien; 1934 – 2012) and Denys Vernon French (5 August 1932 – 11 September 1977), who married in their home town of Plymouth in 1953.
Mairead Maguire : Mairead Maguire (born 27 January 1944), also known as Mairead Corrigan Maguire and formerly as Mairéad Corrigan, is a peace activist from Northern Ireland.
Mýa : Mýa Marie Harrison (born October 10, 1979) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, producer, and actress.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She was a candidate for the first permanent President of the European Council.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She is a member of the Latvian Academy of Sciences, a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and an associate member of the Royal Academy of Belgium.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga (born 1 December 1937) is a Latvian politician who served as the sixth President of Latvia from 1999 to 2007.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She was chair of the European Research Area Board Identification Committee (2008), chair of the Review panel of the European Research Council (2009), and since December 2007, vice-chair of the Reflection group on the long-term future of the European Union.
Chai Ling : Chai Ling () is a Chinese psychologist who was one of the student leaders in the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
Chai Ling : The Superior Court handed Jenzabar its comeuppance, which is a rare ruling – an award to defendants of more than $500,000 in attorney fees and expenses, "subjected Long Bow to protracted and costly litigation not to protect the goodwill of its trademark from misappropriation, but to suppress criticism of Jenzabar's principles and its corporate practices."
Joyce Carol Oates : She has published several novels under the pseudonyms "Rosamond Smith" and "Lauren Kelly".
Joyce Carol Oates : Joyce Carol Oates (born June 16, 1938) is an American writer.
Ann Wilson : – #1", digitally on September 18, 2015.
Ann Wilson : Wilson adopted her daughter Marie in 1991 and her son Dustin in 1998.
Ann Wilson : Wilson married Dean Wetter in April 2015.
Ann Wilson : On July 13, 2015, Wilson announced a solo tour, The Ann Wilson Thing, which began on September 21.
Ann Wilson : Wilson joined producer Alan Parsons in the 2001 live tribute tour to Beatles music called "A Walk Down Abbey Road".
Ann Wilson : On July 22, 2016, Wilson announced the release of "focus", the second EP from The Ann Wilson Thing!
Ann Wilson : Released on September 14, 2018, the album features ten tracks that pay tribute to Wilson's influences and friends.
Ann Wilson : During the 1970s, Wilson was in a relationship with Michael Fisher, the manager of Heart, while Nancy was involved with lead guitarist Roger Fisher, Michael's younger brother.
Ann Wilson : It featured an intimate interview conducted in her home by Criss Cain along with twenty complete live song performances from the Ann Wilson of Heart tour stop in Wilmington, North Carolina, on March 21, 2017.
Ann Wilson : Ann Dustin Wilson (born June 19, 1950) is an American musician best known as the lead singer and songwriter of the rock band Heart.
Ann Wilson : They formed a side band, the Lovemongers, which performed "The Battle of Evermore" on the 1992 soundtrack to the Cameron Crowe (Nancy's then husband) movie "Singles", and later released a four-song EP.
Catherine Asaro : Catherine Asaro was born on November 6, 1955 in Oakland, California and grew up in El Cerrito, California.
Yuki Kajiura : She was born on August 6, 1965, in Tokyo, Japan.
Maria Shriver : Thank you."
Maria Shriver : It is by Maria Shriver, with editors Olivia Morgan, and Karen Skelton, and features, among other things, writings by public figures including Carol Gilligan, Beyoncé, Joan Chittister, Ai-Jen Poo, Eva Longoria, Stephanie Coontz, Jennifer Garner, Kathleen Sebelius, Jada Pinkett Smith, Anne-Marie Slaughter, Tory Burch, Sheryl Sandberg, Kirsten Gillibrand, Barbara Ehrenreich, LeBron James, and Hillary Clinton.
Francine Jordi : With this musical background she won the German Grand Prix der Volksmusik in 1998 with the song "Das Feuer der Sehnsucht".
Francine Jordi : Francine Jordi (born Francine Lehmann, 24 June 1977) is a Swiss pop singer.
Francine Jordi : In 2002, she represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Tallinn with a French language song "Dans le jardin de mon âme".
Maria Cantwell : Maria Ellen Cantwell ( ; born October 13, 1958) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Washington since 2001.
Elizabeth Perkins : She began working in theatre with Arena Civic Theatre, a non-profit community theatre group based in Greenfield, Massachusetts.
Elizabeth Perkins : In 2005, at the age of 44, she learned that she had latent autoimmune diabetes, a form of type 1 diabetes that is most often diagnosed in middle age.
Elizabeth Perkins : Perkins was raised in Colrain, Massachusetts; her parents divorced in 1963.
Elizabeth Perkins : Perkins attended Northfield Mount Hermon School, an elite preparatory school, and then spent 1978 to 1981 in Chicago attaining her Certificate in Acting from the Goodman School of Drama at DePaul University.
Elizabeth Perkins : Elizabeth Ann Perkins (born November 18, 1960) is an American actress.
Elizabeth Perkins : In 2000, she married Argentinian-born cinematographer Julio Macat, gaining three stepsons: Maximillian, Alexander and Andreas.
Claire Forlani : Claire Antonia Forlani (born 17 December 1971) is an English actress.
Claire Forlani : In February 2007, Forlani portrayed Tori Bodeen in the film version of Nora Roberts's best-selling book "Carolina Moon".
Blanche Lincoln : In 2004, Lincoln was re-elected, defeating Republican state Senator Jim Holt (R-Springdale) by 56%-to-44%, even as President Bush carried the state with 54% of the vote.
Blanche Lincoln : Blanche Meyers Lambert Lincoln (born September 30, 1960) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Arkansas from 1999 to 2011.
Blanche Lincoln : Lincoln served on the Senate Finance Committee; Special Committee on Aging; Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources; Senate Social Security Task Force; Rural Health Caucus; Senate New Democrat Coalition and chair of the Rural Outreach for the Senate Democratic Caucus.
Blanche Lincoln : She graduated from Randolph-Macon Woman's College (now known as Randolph College) in Lynchburg, Virginia, in 1982, earning a Bachelor's degree in biology.
Naomi Watts : A casual invitation to participate in a drama workshop inspired Watts to quit her job and to pursue her acting ambitions.
Naomi Watts : Naomi Ellen Watts was born on 28 September 1968, in Shoreham, Kent, England.
Barbara Walters : On March 28, 2013, numerous media outlets reported that Barbara Walters would retire in May 2014 and that she would make the announcement on the show four days later.
Barbara Walters : In 2000, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Debbie Stabenow : She became the state's senior U.S. senator upon the retirement of Carl Levin on January 3, 2015.
Debbie Stabenow : Deborah Ann Stabenow ( ; née Greer, born April 29, 1950) is an American politician serving as the senior United States Senator from Michigan, a seat she was first elected to in 2000.
Shirin Ebadi : Shirin Ebadi ( ; born 21 June 1947) is an Iranian political activist, lawyer, a former judge and human rights activist and founder of Defenders of Human Rights Center in Iran.
Jenny Shipley : In 1973 she married Burton Shipley and settled in Ashburton.
Jenny Shipley : Dame Jennifer Mary Shipley {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Robson; born 4 February 1952) is a New Zealand former politician who served as the 36th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1997 to 1999.
Daryl Hannah : Daryl Christine Hannah (born December 3, 1960) is an American actress.
Regina Ip : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anson Chan : In June 2020, aged 80, and following the death of her daughter, Chan announced that she was withdrawing from civic and political life.
Mena Suvari : Mena Alexandra Suvari ( ; born February 13, 1979) is an American actress, fashion designer, and model.
Mena Suvari : After beginning her career as a model and guest-starring in several television series, she made her film debut in the drama "Nowhere" (1997).
Minami Takayama : On January 9, 2017, she was picked 7th in the TV Asahi 3-hour special that voted 200 popular voice actors.
Minami Takayama : In 2011, Takayama won the Synergy Award at the 5th Seiyu Awards.
Minami Takayama : Takayama is best known for her roles in "Kiki's Delivery Service" as both Kiki and Ursula, "Ranma ½" as Nabiki Tendo, "Moomin" as Moomin, "Yaiba" as Yaiba Kurogane, "Nintama Rantarō" as Rantarō Inadera, "Danganronpa" series as Hajime Hinata/Izuru Kamukura, "" as Envy and "Detective Conan" as Conan Edogawa.
K.d. lang : "In a way you can't.
K.d. lang : In 1988 k.d.
K.d. lang : In 1996, she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
K.d. lang : On June 3, 2008, it was announced that she would receive a star on Canada's Walk of Fame.
K.d. lang : Also in 2004, she sang the song "Little Patch of Heaven" for the Disney film "Home on the Range".
K.d. lang : On July 29, 2006, lang performed her hit "Constant Craving" at the opening ceremonies of the Outgames held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
K.d. lang : In 1986, lang signed a contract with an American record producer in Nashville, Tennessee, and received critical acclaim for her 1987 album, "Angel with a Lariat", which was produced by Dave Edmunds.
K.d. lang : In 2003, she won her fourth Grammy Award, for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for her collaboration with Tony Bennett on "A Wonderful World".
K.d. lang : When lang was nine months old, her family moved to Consort, Alberta, where she grew up with two sisters and one brother on the Canadian prairie.
K.d. lang : The songs on "Drag" include "Smoke Dreams", from the '40s, Steve Miller Band's "The Joker", "Smoke Rings", the theme from the cult film "Valley of the Dolls", and eight other smoke-themed songs.
Caroline Kennedy : Her concluding lines were: "I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them.
Caroline Kennedy : But for the first time, I believe I have found the man who could be that president—not just for me, but for a new generation of Americans."
Clea DuVall : DuVall was born in Los Angeles, California.
Clea DuVall : Clea Helen D'Etienne DuVall (born September 25, 1977) is an American actress, writer, producer, and director.
Marilyn vos Savant : The Mega Test yields IQ standard scores obtained by multiplying the subject's normalized z-score, or the rarity of the raw test score, by a constant standard deviation and adding the product to 100, with Savant's raw score reported by Hoeflin to be 46 out of a possible 48, with a 5.4 z-score, and a standard deviation of 16, arriving at a 186 IQ.
Bridget Fonda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bridget Fonda : Bridget Jane Fonda Elfman (born January 27, 1964) is a retired American actress.
Bridget Fonda : She studied method acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute as part of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts acting program and graduated from NYU in 1986.
Bridget Fonda : Fonda's parents divorced, and her father Peter later married Portia Rebecca Crockett (former wife of author Thomas McGuane), who raised Bridget, her brother Justin, and older stepbrother Thomas McGuane Jr. in the Coldwater Canyon section of Los Angeles, as well as in Paradise Valley, south of Livingston, Montana.
Jessica Alba : Alba graduated from Claremont High School at age 16 and subsequently attended the Atlantic Theater Company.
Jessica Alba : Jessica Marie Alba ( ; born April 28, 1981) is an American actress and businesswoman.
Jessica Alba : Her first appearance on film was a small role in the 1994 feature "Camp Nowhere" as Gail.
Jessica Alba : In January 2012, Alba and business partner Christopher Gavigan launched The Honest Company, selling a collection of household goods, diapers, and body care products.
Jessica Alba : In 1998, she appeared as Melissa Hauer in a first-season episode of the Steven Bochco crime-drama "Brooklyn South", as Leanne in two episodes of "Beverly Hills, 90210", and as Layla in an episode of "".
Lynn Hill : Asked why she was motivated to climb "The Nose", Hill has said:
Lynn Hill : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lynn Hill : Usually the climb takes four to six days (Hill had previously done it in four) and most climbers are aid climbing; that is, most climbers allow themselves to use mechanical aids to assist their climbing rather than just their own skill and bodies.
Lynn Hill : On May 9, 1989, she fell during a climb in Buoux, France; after forgetting to tie a safety rope, she fell 85 ft (25 m) into a tree, and was knocked unconscious, dislocated her left elbow and broke a bone in her foot.
Lynn Hill : In answer to a question about whether or not women "will ever equal or surpass men in climbing", Hill gave a detailed response, focused on body composition, size, and psychology, explaining that climbing "favors people with high strength-to-weight ratios[s]", less body fat, and greater height, articulating that such characteristics often favor men but that women "have the advantage of being relatively light, with the capacity for tremendous endurance".
Kristine Lilly : After the birth of her daughter, Lilly returned to the national team in December 2008.
Kristine Lilly : She was recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Kristine Lilly : When she played against North Korea on September 11, 2007, in the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, she became the first woman (and only the third player overall) to participate in five different World Cup Finals; by scoring a goal against England on September 22, 2007, she became the oldest woman to score in the World Cup.
Darlene Love : She had a reoccurring role as Roger Murtaugh's wife in the "Lethal Weapon" film series.
Fann Wong : On 9 August 2014, Fann gave birth to a baby boy named Zed.
Fann Wong : Fann Woon Fong (; born 27 January 1971), better known by her stage name Fann Wong, is a Singaporean actress, singer and model.
Jelena Dokic : Jelena Dokic ( ; ] ; born 12 April 1983) is an Australian tennis coach, commentator, writer, and former professional tennis player.
Makiko Tanaka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cheung Man Yee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cheung Man Yee : Cheung Man Yee () is the first Chinese person to become Director of Broadcasting (head of Radio Television Hong Kong) in the Hong Kong Government.
Debra Messing : The divorce was officially completed on March 1, 2016.
Julie Payette : Julie Payette {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (] ; born October 20, 1963) is a Canadian engineer, scientist and former astronaut who served as the 29th Governor General of Canada from 2017 to 2021.
Julie Payette : She also served as capsule communicator at NASA Mission Control Center in Houston and from 2000 to 2007 as CSA's chief astronaut.
Julie Payette : For her undergraduate studies, Payette enrolled in McGill University where she completed a Bachelor of Engineering degree in electrical engineering in 1986, after which she completed a Master of Applied Science degree in computer engineering at the University of Toronto in 1990.
Theresa May : May initially attended Heythrop Primary School, a state school in Heythrop, followed by St. Juliana's Convent School for Girls, a Roman Catholic independent school in Begbroke, which closed in 1984.
Theresa May : Between 1977 and 1983, May worked at the Bank of England, and from 1985 to 1997, at the Association for Payment Clearing Services (APACS), as a financial consultant.
Theresa May : Born on 1 October 1956 in Eastbourne, Sussex, May is the only child of Zaidee Mary ( Barnes; 1928–1982) and Hubert Brasier (1917–1981).
Banana Yoshimoto : Yoshimoto was born in Tokyo on July 24, 1964 and grew up in a liberal family.
Banana Yoshimoto : While there, she adopted the pseudonym "Banana", after her love of banana flowers, a name she recognizes as both "cute" and "purposefully androgynous."
Rani Mukerji : Mukerji received her education at Maneckji Cooper High School in Juhu and graduated with a degree in Home Science from SNDT Women's University.
Rani Mukerji : The "Temptations 2004" concert had Mukerji perform alongside Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Preity Zinta, Arjun Rampal and Priyanka Chopra in 19 stage shows worldwide.
Rani Mukerji : Her first concert tour, "Magnificent Five", was in 1999 in which she performed with actors Aamir Khan, Aishwarya Rai, Akshaye Khanna and Twinkle Khanna.
Rani Mukerji : Rani Mukerji (pronounced ] ; born 21 March 1978) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films.
Harriet Harman : While she supported the Iraq War, during the Deputy Leadership campaign, she said that she would not have done so had she known about the lack of concrete evidence of weapons of mass destruction.
Harriet Harman : Harman is a committed feminist, having said, "I am in the Labour Party because I am a feminist.
Harriet Harman : Harman attacked the Conservative Party at the Labour Party Conference 2007, referring to them as the "nasty party" and suggesting that there would be little competition at the next election.
Harriet Harman : As the holder of the record as longest-ever continuously serving female MP in the House of Commons, Harman was dubbed the "Mother of the House" by Prime Minister Theresa May on 13 June 2017.
Harriet Harman : But she nonetheless asserted her intention to remain neutral throughout the contest and said, "This is a very crucial period and we have got five fantastic candidates.
Harriet Harman : In November 2010, Harman's parliamentary private secretary Ian Lavery had blocked a motion designed to allow the repayments to be made public.
Harriet Harman : Born in London to a doctor and a barrister, Harman was privately educated at St Paul's Girls' School before going on to study Politics at the University of York.
Harriet Harman : In 2003, Harman was fined £400 and banned from driving for seven days after being convicted of driving at on a motorway, above the speed limit.
Harriet Harman : After the 1992 general election she entered the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury (1992–1994) and later served as Shadow Employment Secretary (1994–1995), Shadow Health Secretary (1995–1996) and Shadow Social Security Secretary (1996–1997).
Harriet Harman : Alan Johnson had led in all but the first of the previous rounds, but when second-preference votes had been redistributed after the fourth round, Harman as elected with 50.43% of the vote to Johnson's 49.56%
Harriet Harman : During the late-2000s recession, and following a government report which suggested that women were twice as likely to lose their jobs as men and feared losing their jobs more than men, Harman stated: "We will not allow women to become the victims of this recession".
Harriet Harman : After an investigation by "The Mail on Sunday" newspaper into other donations made by people associated with Abrahams, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown's assertion that all such monies would be returned, Harman issued a statement saying she accepted the donation on 4 July "in good faith," had registered the monies with the Electoral Commission and the Register of Members' Interests, and that she "was not aware of any funding arrangements... between David Abrahams and Janet Kidd".
Harriet Harman : In the subsequent by-election held on 28 October 1982, Harman was elected to succeed Lamborn with 11,349 votes (50.34%), a majority of 3,931 over Social Democratic candidate Dick Taverne, a former Labour MP for Lincoln.
Harriet Harman : Her paternal aunt was Elizabeth Pakenham, Countess of Longford (née Harman), the wife of former Labour minister Frank Pakenham, 7th Earl of Longford, and her cousins include the writers Lady Antonia Fraser (née Pakenham, a first cousin), Rachel Billington, and Thomas Pakenham.
Linda Park : During her college career, she spent a semester in England, studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Linda Park : Linda Park (born July 9, 1978) is a Korean-born American actress, best known for her portrayal of communications officer character Hoshi Sato in the television series "".
Monica Moorehead : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monica Moorehead : In 2000 she received 4,795 votes; that year she was only on the ballot in Florida, Rhode Island, Washington, and Wisconsin.
Monica Moorehead : On November 8, 2015, Moorehead received the 2016 presidential nomination of the Workers World Party.
Olympia Dukakis : Olympia Mary Dukakis (; born June 20, 1931) is an American actress.
Julianna Margulies : Her mother, Francesca (née Goldberg, later Gardner), was a ballet dancer and eurythmy teacher; her father, Paul Margulies, was a writer, philosopher, and Madison Avenue advertising executive.
Julianna Margulies : On November 10, 2007, Margulies married attorney Keith Lieberthal, the son of academic Kenneth Lieberthal, in Lenox, Massachusetts.
Betty Boothroyd : They were eventually rescued.
Betty Boothroyd : They were eventually rescued.
Betty Boothroyd : FSLL (born 8 October 1929) is a British politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for West Bromwich and West Bromwich West from 1973 to 2000.
Sofia Coppola : Sofia Carmina Coppola ( , ] ; born May 14, 1971) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and actress.
Sofia Coppola : On September 11, 2010, "Somewhere" won the Golden Lion, the top prize at the Venice International Film Festival.
Sandra Oh : Oh became a US citizen in 2018.
Sandra Oh : Oh is known for her standout supporting and leading performances in films such as "Bean" (1997), "Last Night" (1998), "The Princess Diaries" (2001), "Long Life, Happiness & Prosperity" (2002), "Under the Tuscan Sun" (2003), "Sideways" (2004), "Wilby Wonderful" (2004), "Hard Candy" (2005), "Rabbit Hole" (2010), "Tammy" (2014), "Catfight" (2016), and "Meditation Park" (2017).
Chang Po-ya : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chang Po-ya : Born in what is now Chiayi City to Hsu Shih-hsien and Chang Chin-tung, both physicians, Chang Po-ya is a medical doctor educated in Kaohsiung Medical College (1968), the Institute of Public Health of National Taiwan University (1970), Johns Hopkins University (1974), and Kyorin University (1994).
Lina Medina : The surgery was performed by Lozada and Dr Busalleu, with Dr Colareta providing anaesthesia.
Lina Medina : Dr. Edmundo Escomel reported her case in the medical journal "La Presse Médicale", including that her menarche had occurred at eight months of age, in contrast to previous reports that she had had regular periods since the age of three or two and a half.
Lina Medina : Lina Marcela Medina de Jurado (] ; born 23 September 1933) is a Peruvian woman who became the youngest confirmed mother in history when she gave birth aged five years, seven months, and 21 days.
A. S. Byatt : Dame Antonia Susan Duffy {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ("née" Drabble; born 24 August 1936), known professionally as A. S. Byatt ( ), is an English novelist, poet and Booker Prize winner.
A. S. Byatt : In 2008, "The Times" newspaper named her on its list of the 50 greatest British writers since 1945.
A. S. Byatt : She married Ian Charles Rayner Byatt in 1959 and had a daughter, as well as a son who was killed in a car accident at the age of 11.
A. S. Byatt : Much as I love my husband and my children, I love them only because I am the person who makes these things.
Margot Wallström : Margot Elisabeth Wallström (] ; born 28 September 1954) is a Swedish politician of the Swedish Social Democratic Party who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden and Minister for Nordic Cooperation from October 2014 to 2019.
Naoko Yamazaki : Yamazaki was selected as an astronaut candidate in February 1999 by the National Space Development Agency of Japan (NASDA, now JAXA), attended the ISS Astronaut Basic Training program beginning in April 1999, and was certified as an astronaut in September 2001.
Lisa Murkowski : Lisa Ann Murkowski ( ; born May 22, 1957) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the senior United States Senator for Alaska, having held that seat since 2002.
Lisa Murkowski : From 1989 to 1998, she was an attorney in private practice in Anchorage.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : On June 29, 2017, Hutchison was nominated by President Donald Trump to be the United States Permanent Representative to NATO.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Kay Bailey Hutchison (born Kathryn Ann Bailey; July 22, 1943) is an American attorney, television correspondent, politician, diplomat and the 22nd United States Permanent Representative to NATO from 2017 until 2021.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Born in Galveston, Texas, Hutchison is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin.
Barbara Mikulski : On March 2, 2015, Mikulski announced that she would retire after five terms in the Senate and would not seek reelection in 2016.
Barbara Mikulski : From the death of Senator Daniel Inouye in December 2012 until 2015, Mikulski chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Barbara Mikulski : She was elected to the House of Representatives in 1976, and in 1986, she became the first woman elected to the United States Senate from Maryland.
Barbara Mikulski : Barbara Ann Mikulski ( ; born July 20, 1936) is an American politician and social worker who served as a United States Senator from Maryland from 1987 to 2017.
Kim Ng : Kimberly J. Ng (born November 17, 1968) is an American executive in Major League Baseball.
Jenny Clack : On 15 June 2013, Clack was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science (DSc) degree by the University of Chicago.
Jenny Clack : Clack was curator at the Museum of Zoology and Professor of Vertebrate Palaeontology at the University of Cambridge, where she devoted her career to studying the early development of tetrapods, the "four-legged" animals said to have evolved from Devonian lobe-finned fishes and colonised the freshwater swamps of the Carboniferous period.
Jayne Ann Krentz : Jayne Ann Castle was born on March 28, 1948 in Cobb, California, United States.
Jayne Ann Krentz : She earned a B.A in History at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1970.
Jayne Ann Krentz : To help educate the public about the genre she became the editor of and a contributor to "Dangerous Men and Adventurous Women: Romance Writers on the Appeal of the Romance", a non-fiction essay collection that won the prestigious Susan Koppelman Award for Feminist Studies.
Linda Blair : Linda Denise Blair (born January 22, 1959) is an American actress and activist.
Linda Blair : She formally began her career as a child model at age five, appearing in Sears, J.C. Penney, and Macy's catalogues, and in over 70 commercials for Welch's grape jams and various other companies.
Susan Collins : She was reelected in 2002, 2008, 2014, and 2020.
Susan Collins : Susan Margaret Collins (born December 7, 1952) is an American businesswoman and politician serving as the senior United States Senator from Maine.
Susan Collins : Beginning her career as a staff assistant for Senator William Cohen in 1975, she became staff director of the Oversight of Government Management Subcommittee of the Committee on Governmental Affairs (which later became the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs) in 1981.
Susan Collins : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sunny Leone : She mentioned in an interview at the start of 2011 that she was married to Daniel Weber, an American actor, producer, and entrepreneur.
Sunny Leone : On 14 April 2012, Leone announced that she was now a resident of India explaining in an interview to "The New Indian Express" that she was an Overseas Citizen of India and that she was eligible for overseas citizenship because her parents lived in India.
Sunny Leone : During her stay in the "Bigg Boss" house later that same year, Leone indicated that she had married; Leone said she "purposely arrived late" to their first date as she was not impressed with him, but he changed her mind by sending 24 roses to her hotel room.
Michelle Reis : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Michelle Reis : She is the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant 1988 and Miss Hong Kong 1988 beauty pageants.
Nino Burjanadze : Nino Burjanadze was born in Kutaisi, then-Soviet Georgia.
Nino Burjanadze : She graduated in 1986 from the Faculty of Law of the Tbilisi State University (TSU) and afterwards pursued education at the Moscow State University from which she graduated with a doctorate in International Law in 1990.
Nino Burjanadze : Nino Burjanadze (Georgian: ნინო ბურჯანაძე ] , also romanized Burdzhanadze or Burdjanadze, born 16 July 1964) is a Georgian politician and lawyer who served as Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia from November 2001 to June 2008.
Alexis Bledel : In May 2009, Bledel signed a contract with the modeling division of IMG.
Alexis Bledel : Also in 2010, Bledel starred as the title role in the Canadian drama "The Kate Logan Affair".
Alexis Bledel : Bledel co-starred opposite Scott Porter and Bryan Greenberg in the romantic comedy "The Good Guy", which premiered at Tribeca Film Festival April 26, 2009.
Alexis Bledel : Bledel and fellow former "Gilmore Girls" co-star Milo Ventimiglia were in a relationship from December 2002 to June 2006.
Alexis Bledel : The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 15, 2011.
Magda Szubanski : Magdalene Mary Szubanski {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 12 April 1961) is an Australian television and film actress, comedian and writer.
Nancy Kassebaum : She was the first woman ever elected to a full term in the Senate without her husband having previously served in Congress.
Nancy Kassebaum : Nancy Landon Kassebaum Baker (née Landon; born July 29, 1932) is an American politician who represented the State of Kansas in the United States Senate from 1978 to 1997.
Sofia Gubaidulina : Sofia Asgatovna Gubaidulina ( , Tatar: ; born 24 October 1931) is a Tatar-Russian composer and a established international figure.
Marcia Gay Harden : Marcia Gay Harden (born August 14, 1959) is an American actress.
Peggy Fleming : She became a breast cancer activist who recommends not procrastinating and advocates for early detection.
Peggy Fleming : Along with former Olympian Vonetta Flowers, Fleming was injured and briefly hospitalized after a traffic accident while riding in U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's motorcade at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Peggy Fleming : Peggy Gale Fleming (born July 27, 1948) is an American former figure skater and the only American in the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, France to bring home a Gold Medal.
Nicole Richie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nicole Richie : In March 2007, Richie was taken to the hospital for dehydration.
Nicole Richie : In February 2003, she checked herself into a rehabilitation center following her arrest in Malibu, California for driving with a revoked license and possession of heroin.
Nicole Richie : Nicole Camille Richie (née Escovedo ; born September 21, 1981) is an American television personality, fashion designer, and actress.
Nicole Richie : Richie graduated from Montclair College Preparatory School in 1999, then attended the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, alongside Kourtney Kardashian and Luke Walton, where she studied Arts and Media.
Nicole Richie : In May she told "Vanity Fair", "I know I'm too thin right now, so I wouldn't want any young girl looking at me and saying, 'That's what I want to look like.'
Cynthia McKinney : In 1991, she spoke aggressively against the Gulf War; many legislators left the chamber in protest of her remarks.
Cynthia McKinney : She worked as a high school teacher and later as a university professor.
Cynthia McKinney : In 2007, McKinney moved from her longtime residence in the Atlanta suburb of Stone Mountain to California.
Cynthia McKinney : As a police officer, he challenged the discriminatory policies of the Atlanta Police Department, publicly protesting in front of the station, often carrying young McKinney on his shoulders.
Cynthia McKinney : Cynthia McKinney was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the daughter of Leola McKinney, a retired nurse, and Billy McKinney, a law enforcement officer and former Georgia State Representative.
Cynthia McKinney : McKinney announced in April 2012 that she would run for the 4th congressional district against Hank Johnson on the Green Party ticket.
Cynthia McKinney : She eventually ran as the Green Party nominee in the 2008 presidential election receiving 0.12% of the votes cast.
Cynthia McKinney : Her political career began in 1986 when her father, a representative in the Georgia House of Representatives, submitted her name as a write-in candidate for the Georgia state house.
Cynthia McKinney : Her defeat was attributed to some Republican crossover voting in Georgia's open primary election, which permits anyone from any party to vote in any party primary and "usually rewards moderate candidates and penalizes those outside the mainstream."
Mireya Moscoso : Mireya Elisa Moscoso Rodríguez de Arias (born July 1, 1946) is a Panamanian politician who served as the President of Panama from 1999 to 2004.
Mireya Moscoso : Born into a rural family, Moscoso became active in the 1968 presidential campaign of three-time president Arnulfo Arias, following and marrying him when he went into exile after a military coup.
Valeria Ciavatta : She was a Christian Democrat for many years, before becoming a founding member of the Popular Alliance in the early 1990s.
Valeria Ciavatta : Valeria Ciavatta (born 16 January 1959) is a Sammarinese politician, who was a co-captain-regent (joint head of state) of San Marino along with Luca Beccari for the semester of April to September 2014.
Ryoko Tani : Ryoko Tamura was born in Higashi-ku, Fukuoka on September 6, 1975.
Sarah Chang : Sarah Chang ( ; born Young Joo Chang; December 10, 1980) is a Korean American classical violinist.
Maggie Gyllenhaal : In June 2013, Gyllenhaal and numerous other celebrities appeared in a video showing support for whistleblower Chelsea Manning.
Maggie Gyllenhaal : Margalit Ruth Gyllenhaal ( ; born November 16, 1977) is an American actress and film producer.
Maggie Gyllenhaal : In 1995, she graduated from Harvard–Westlake and moved to New York to attend Columbia University, where she studied literature and Eastern religions.
Lea Thompson : She has been married to film director Howard Deutch since 1989.
Lea Thompson : She has two sisters, Coleen Goodrich and Shannon Katona and two brothers, Andrew (ballet dancer) and Barry.
Sania Mirza : 27.
Sania Mirza : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sania Mirza : Sania Mirza (] ; born 15 November 1986) is an Indian professional tennis player.
Sania Mirza : Mirza became the first Indian woman to reach the fourth round of a Grand Slam tournament at the US Open, defeating Mashona Washington, Maria Elena Camerin and Marion Bartoli, before losing to top seed Maria Sharapova in the Round of 16.
Patricia Arquette : She went on to star as Joyce Mitchell in the Showtime miniseries "Escape at Dannemora" (2018), winning the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie, and as Dee Dee Blanchard in the Hulu anthology series "The Act" (2019), winning the Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress.
Mila Kunis : Milena Markovna Kunis ( ; Ukrainian: Мілена Марківна Куніс; Russian: Милена Марковна Кунис; born (1983--) 14, 1983 ) is an American actress.
Mila Kunis : Kunis's performance won her the Marcello Mastroianni Award for Best Young Actor or Actress at the 67th Venice International Film Festival, and earned her Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress.
Kajol : Upon release, the film met with largely negative reviews.
Lisa Gerrard : Lisa Gerrard was born in Melbourne to Irish immigrant parents, and grew up in Prahran, an inner suburb with a substantial Greek population.
Lisa Gerrard : Lisa Germaine Gerrard ( ; born 12 April 1961) is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group Dead Can Dance with music partner Brendan Perry.
Rebbie Jackson : Rebbie has one grandson, Stacee's son London Blue Salas (born July 25, 2005).
Barbara Cubin : An opponent of abortion in any form, Cubin consistently voted for restrictions on abortion and against funding of family planning groups that provide abortion services, counseling or advocacy.
Barbara Cubin : Barbara Lynn Cubin (born November 30, 1946) is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, having served as the sole member of that body from Wyoming.
Barbara Cubin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shelley Moore Capito : She was the first woman elected to the U.S. Senate from West Virginia and the first Republican to win a full term in the Senate from West Virginia since 1942.
Shelley Moore Capito : Shelley Wellons Moore Capito ( ; born November 26, 1953) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator for West Virginia since 2015.
Hilda Solis : Solis was raised in La Puente, California, by immigrant parents from Nicaragua and Mexico.
Hilda Solis : Hilda Lucia Solis ( ; born October 20, 1957) is an American politician and a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for the 1st district.
Tammy Baldwin : Tammy Suzanne Green Baldwin (born February 11, 1962) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Wisconsin since January 2013.
Denise Majette : On March 28, 2014, the Georgia Supreme Court disbarred Majette, finding she overbilled clients and misled the Court about how much she was owed in fees.
Denise Majette : Majette was the first African American and the first woman to be nominated for the U.S. Senate in Georgia.
Denise Majette : Denise Lorraine Majette (born May 18, 1955) is an American politician from the state of Georgia.
Denise Majette : Among other issues, she supports affirmative action, abortion rights, and legal status for illegal immigrants working in the U.S., while she opposes school vouchers and the death penalty.
Denise Majette : Born in Brooklyn, she attended Yale University and completed a Juris Doctor degree at Duke University in 1979.
Denise Majette : In the general election, despite her vigorous attacks against her Republican opponent, 6th District Congressman Johnny Isakson, Majette was defeated, losing by 18 points.
Deborah Lipstadt : Already a consultant to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, President Bill Clinton appointed her in 1994 to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council.
Deborah Lipstadt : Lipstadt was born in New York City to a Jewish family, the daughter of Miriam (née Peiman; 1915–2013) and Erwin Lipstadt (1903–1972).
Deborah Lipstadt : On September 5, 1996, author David Irving sued Lipstadt and her publisher Penguin Books for libel in an English court for characterizing some of his writings and public statements as Holocaust denial in her book "Denying the Holocaust".
Deborah Lipstadt : Deborah Esther Lipstadt (born March 18, 1947) is an American historian, best known as author of the books "Denying the Holocaust" (1993), "History on Trial: My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier" (2005), "The Eichmann Trial" (2011), and "" (2019).
Chrissie Hynde : Sun.
Chrissie Hynde : Hynde became interested in hippie counterculture, Eastern mysticism, and vegetarianism.
Jan Schakowsky : Janice Danoff Schakowsky ( ; born May 26, 1944) is an American politician who has served as the U.S. Representative from 's congressional district since 1999.
Jan Schakowsky : She was Program Director of Illinois Public Action, Illinois' largest public interest group, from 1976 to 1985.
Rita Moreno : Rita Moreno (born Rosa Dolores Alverío Marcano; December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican actress, dancer, and singer.
Kelly Clarkson : On December 25, 2003, Clarkson participated in the television special competition "World Idol" in London, along with the inaugural winners of the several "Idol" television series around the world.
Kelly Clarkson : Kelly Brianne Clarkson (born April 24, 1982) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and television personality.
Yvette Cooper : She spoke at the Labour Party Conference in 2014 about eastern Europeans who were mistreated by employers of migrant labour.
Yvette Cooper : MP's voted 312 to 311 in favour of allowing her bill to be fast tracked and it was made law on 8 April 2019.
Yvette Cooper : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yvette Cooper : Cooper came third with 17.0% of the vote in the first round, losing to Jeremy Corbyn.
Yvette Cooper : In 2003, she became Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Regeneration in the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister.
Yvette Cooper : Cooper was strongly critical of the cuts to child tax credit announced by George Osborne in the July 2015 Budget; she authored the following statement in the "New Statesman":
Yvette Cooper : During the campaign, Cooper supported reintroducing the 50p income tax rate and creating more high-skilled manufacturing jobs.
Yvette Cooper : In July 2007, Cooper announced in the House of Commons that "unless we act now, by 2026 first-time buyers will find average house prices are ten times their salary.
Yvette Cooper : Yvette Cooper (born 20 March 1969) is a British politician serving as Member of Parliament (MP) for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford since 2010, having served as the MP for Pontefract and Castleford since 1997.
Yvette Cooper : She read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Balliol College, Oxford, and graduated with a first-class honours degree.
Yvette Cooper : She retained the seat for Labour with a majority of 25,725 votes, and made her maiden speech in the Commons on 2 July 1997, speaking about her constituency's struggle with unemployment.
Yvette Cooper : After Labour were defeated at the 2010 general election, Cooper and her husband Ed Balls were both mentioned in the press as a potential leadership candidates when Gordon Brown resigned as Leader of the Labour Party.
Yvette Cooper : Cooper began her career as an economic policy researcher for Shadow Chancellor John Smith in 1990 before working in Arkansas for Bill Clinton, nominee of the Democratic Party for President of the United States, in 1992.
Yvette Cooper : When Alan Johnson resigned as Shadow Chancellor on 20 January 2011, Cooper was appointed Shadow Home Secretary.
Yvette Cooper : Building on her existing work on the European refugee crisis, Cooper was appointed chair of Labour's refugee taskforce, working with local authorities, community groups and trade unions to develop a sustainable and humanitarian response to the crisis.
Yvette Cooper : Cooper and Balls bought a four-bedroom house in Stoke Newington, North London, and registered this as their second home (rather than their home in Castleford, West Yorkshire); this qualified them for up to £44,000 a year to subsidise a reported £438,000 mortgage under the Commons Additional Costs Allowance, of which they claimed £24,400.
Yvette Cooper : As chair, Cooper launched a national inquiry into public views on immigration and, after an emergency inquiry into the Dubs scheme for child refugees, criticised the government's decision to end the programme in February 2017.
Yvette Cooper : Before Balls announced his candidacy, he offered to stand aside if Cooper wanted to stand, but Cooper declined for the sake of their children, stating that it would not be the right time for her.
Betty White : White has received eight Emmy Awards in various categories, three American Comedy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and a Grammy Award.
Betty White : White is known for her roles as Sue Ann Nivens on the CBS sitcom "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" (1973–1977), Rose Nylund on the NBC sitcom "The Golden Girls" (1985–1992), and Elka Ostrovsky on the TV Land sitcom "Hot in Cleveland" (2010–2015).
Billie Piper : Billie Paul Piper (born Leian Paul Piper, 22 September 1982) is an English actress, filmmaker and former singer.
Lexa Doig : Alexandra Lecciones Doig (born June 8, 1973) is a Canadian actress.
Lexa Doig : They have two children, a son and a daughter, in addition to Shanks' child from a previous relationship.
Michelle Akers : As of 2011, she resided near Atlanta, Georgia, with her son Cody on a small farm doing horse rescue and animal welfare work.
Michelle Akers : Michelle Anne Akers (born February 1, 1966) is an American former soccer player who starred in the 1991 and 1999 Women's World Cup and 1996 Olympics victories by the United States.
Michelle Akers : She was the U.S. national team's second all-time leading scorer (behind Mia Hamm) with 105 goals, 37 assists and 247 points.
Michelle Akers : In 2004, Akers and Mia Hamm were the only two women named to the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living soccer players selected by Pelé and commissioned by FIFA for that organization's 100th anniversary.
Michelle Akers : She was Central Florida's Athlete of the Year in 1988–89, was the all-time leading scorer in UCF history, won the Hermann Trophy in 1988 as the nation's top college soccer player, and had her #10 jersey retired by the school.
Angela Eagle : Eagle, "on the vast majority of issues, votes the same way as other Labour MPs."
Angela Eagle : Eagle voted in favour of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, and repeatedly against investigating it in 2003, 2006, and 2007.
Angela Eagle : I believe I can".
Angela Eagle : I believe I can".
Angela Eagle : In May 2012, Eagle became chair of the Labour Party's National Policy Forum and served as chair of the party's National Executive Committee 2013–14.
Angela Eagle : Following the 2001 general election, she was a junior minister at the Home Office but was sacked by Blair in 2002, reportedly in error.
Angela Eagle : Eagle was joined in the House of Commons at the 1997 general election by her twin sister, Maria Eagle.
Angela Eagle : Eagle came fourth to eventual winner Tom Watson, with 16.2% in the first round, and was eliminated in the second round on 17.9% of the vote.
Angela Eagle : After the resignation of Miliband and deputy Harriet Harman following Labour's defeat at the 2015 general election, Eagle stood in the Labour Party deputy leadership election.
Angela Eagle : She returned to the government under Gordon Brown on 29 June 2007 as Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, the most junior minister at HM Treasury.
Angela Eagle : In 1984 she worked in the economic directorate of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), before joining the Confederation of Health Service Employees (COHSE) trade union where she held a number of positions.
Angela Eagle : Following Ed Miliband's accession to Labour Leader, Eagle was elected to his shadow cabinet, finishing tied 4th in the vote and was subsequently appointed to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury briefing, shadowing Danny Alexander.
Angela Eagle : Eagle was first elected to parliament as member for Wallasey in the 1992 election, defeating by 3,809 votes the Conservative Minister for Overseas Development at the Foreign Office Lynda Chalker.
Angela Eagle : In April 2008 Eagle took part in a debate in Parliament on the UK economy in which the Liberal Democrats tabled a motion suggesting that the country was facing an "extreme bubble in the housing market" and the "risk of recession".
Angela Eagle : Dame Angela Eagle DBE (born 17 February 1961) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wallasey since the 1992 general election.
Angela Eagle : Eagle's colleague, deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman, said: "Women in Britain in the 21st century do not expect to be told to 'calm down, dear' by their Prime Minister", with Labour officials calling for an apology, suggesting the remark was patronising and sexist.
Angela Eagle : After the 28 June 2016 vote of no confidence by Labour MPs in Jeremy Corbyn's leadership, Eagle was reported as considering a challenge for the leadership of the Labour Party, and said she would do so if Corbyn did not resign.
Angela Eagle : George Eaton of the "New Statesman" reported that backers of the other potential challenger, Owen Smith, contended that Eagle's 2003 vote in support for the Iraq War and her support for extending airstrikes against ISIS into Syria (in December 2015) might have harm her bid against Corbyn, Gary Younge of "The Guardian" thought it was less clear what Eagle wanted in place of Corbyn's politics.
Angela Eagle : Eagle criticised his recent award of the OBE and claimed in the House of Commons that Barlow had "given a whole new meaning to the phrase 'Take That'," as well as questioning why Prime Minister David Cameron had not criticised Barlow publicly in the same way he had criticised comedian Jimmy Carr for tax avoidance.
Angela Eagle : She read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at St John's College, Oxford, graduating from the university with a second-class Bachelor of Arts degree in 1983.
Maria Eagle : She was previously a junior minister at the Department for Work and Pensions, Department for Education and Skills and Northern Ireland Office.
Maria Eagle : Following her initial election, Eagle joined her twin sister Angela in Parliament.
Maria Eagle : Maria Eagle (born 17 February 1961) is a British Labour Party politician who has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Garston and Halewood, previously Liverpool Garston, since 1997.
Maria Eagle : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Caroline Flint : She came third.
Caroline Flint : She came third.
Caroline Flint : Caroline Louise Flint (born 20 September 1961) is a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Don Valley from 1997 to 2019.
Caroline Flint : After coming third in the running for her party's deputy leader in 2015, Flint returned to the backbenches after not being reappointed to the Shadow Cabinet by Jeremy Corbyn.
Caroline Flint : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mai Kuraki : From June 2014, Kuraki embarked on two tours, 15th Anniversary Mai Kuraki Live Project 2014 Best "151A": Fun Fun Fun and 15th Anniversary Mai Kuraki Live Project 2014 Best 151A: Muteki na Heart.
Mai Kuraki : The similar strategy have taken for the other artists from her label, Being Group, including Zard, Maki Ohguro, and Miho Komatsu.
Sissel Kyrkjebø : In November 2000, Sissel released (in Norway only) her album, "All Good Things", which was her first solo album in nearly seven years.
Sissel Kyrkjebø : Sissel received her first U.S. Grammy nominations on 6 December 2007 for a collaboration with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Sissel Kyrkjebø : She possesses a "crystalline" voice and wide vocal range, sweeping down from mezzo-soprano notes, in arias such as "Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix" from Saint-Saëns's opera "Samson et Dalila", to the F natural above soprano C. She sings mainly in English and Norwegian, but has also sung songs in Swedish, Danish, Irish, Italian, French, Russian, Icelandic, Faroese, German, Neapolitan, Māori, Japanese, and Latin.
Sissel Kyrkjebø : Sissel Kyrkjebø (] ; born 24 June 1969), also simply known as Sissel, is a Norwegian soprano.
Sara Gilbert : Gilbert graduated from Yale University in 1997, with honors, majoring in art with an emphasis on photography.
Sara Gilbert : Sara Gilbert (born Sara Rebecca Abeles; January 29, 1975) is an American actress, director, and producer known for her role as Darlene Conner on the ABC sitcom "Roseanne" (1988–1997; 2018), for which she received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Emily Lau : Lau received the Bruno Kreisky Award for her human rights work in 1998.
Emily Lau : In 1983, Lau married John Ball, a British journalist from the "Sunday Times".
Emily Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emily Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emily Lau : In the party leadership election on 16 December 2012 she was elected chairperson, narrowly defeating vice-chairman Sin Chung-kai (149 votes to 133), therefore becoming the first female leader of the party since its formation in 1994.
Makiko Esumi : Esumi married photographer Rowland Kirishima in February 1996, though they divorced only nine months later.
Carmen Kass : In Estonia, Kass owns some private companies, including two real estate companies.
Carmen Kass : Her career was launched by Anna Wintour, and by 1999, Kass was walking the runway for numerous and diverse top designers, such as Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, Donna Karan, and Dolce & Gabbana; and posing in advertisements for designers and brands, like Calvin Klein, Chanel, Gucci, Donna Karan, Dsquared2, Versace, Givenchy, Fendi, Max Mara, Valentino, Ralph Lauren, Narciso Rodriguez, and even General Motors.
Ruth Ann Minner : Ruth Ann Minner (née Cloverdale; born January 17, 1935) is an American politician and businesswoman from Milford, in Kent County, Delaware.
Sally Yeh : Sally Yeh (born 30 September 1961), sometimes credited as Sally Yip or Yip Sin-Man, is a Taiwanese-Canadian Cantopop singer and actress.
Claudie Haigneré : In 1986 she received a diploma in the biomechanics and physiology of movement (1986) and received her doctorates in rheumatology (1984) and neuroscience (1992).
Claudie Haigneré : She was minister delegate for Research and New Technologies from 2002 to 2004 and succeeded Noëlle Lenoir as minister delegate for European Affairs from 2004 to 2005.
Claudie Haigneré : Claudie (André-Deshays) Haigneré (born 13 May 1957) is a French doctor, politician, and former astronaut with the Centre National d'Études Spatiales (1985–1999) and the European Space Agency (1999–2002).
Sandra Cisneros : Cisneros currently resides in Mexico.
Michelle Wie : She signed sponsorship contracts with Nike and Sony reportedly worth more than $10 million per year.
Michelle Wie : Michelle Sung Wie West ( ; born October 11, 1989) is an American professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour.
Michelle Wie : In 2001, at the age of 11, she won both the Hawaii State Women's Stroke Play Championship and the Jennie K. Wilson Women's Invitational.
Ludivine Sagnier : Ludivine Sagnier (born 3 July 1979) is a French actress and model who has appeared on screen since 1989.
Kathleen Sebelius : Sebelius was born and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Mary Kathryn (née Dixon) and John "Jack" Gilligan.
Dorothy Hamill : Dorothy Stuart Hamill (born July 26, 1956) is a retired American figure skater.
Dorothy Hamill : Until the spring of 1970, Hamill attended public schools in Riverside, but at that point she switched to a small school with flexible tutoring to accommodate her skating schedule.
Annette Bening : Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress.
Annette Bening : In 1991, she portrayed Virginia Hill in Barry Levinson's biopic "Bugsy", alongside Warren Beatty.
Yayoi Kusama : Kusama is often quoted as saying: "If it were not for art, I would have killed myself a long time ago."
Yayoi Kusama : Between 1983 and 1990, she finished the novels "The Hustler's Grotto of Christopher Street" (1983), "The Burning of St Mark's Church" (1985), "Between Heaven and Earth" (1988), "Woodstock Phallus Cutter" (1988), "Aching Chandelier" (1989), "Double Suicide at Sakuragazuka" (1989), and "Angels in Cape Cod" (1990), alongside several issues of the magazine "S&M Sniper" in collaboration with photographer Nobuyoshi Araki.
Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner : Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner (Astrid Maud Ingeborg; born 12 February 1932) is the second daughter of King Olav V of Norway and his wife, Princess Märtha of Sweden.
Beverley McLachlin : McLachlin was nominated in March 2018 to become a non-permanent member of the Court of Final Appeal in Hong Kong.
Beverley McLachlin : Beverley Marian McLachlin {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} CStJ (born September 7, 1943) is a Canadian jurist and author who served as the 17th chief justice of Canada from 2000 to 2017, the longest-serving chief justice in Canadian history and first woman to hold the position.
Asia Argento : Besides Italian, Argento speaks English and French, which she learned for her role in "Les Morsures de L'Aube".
Asia Argento : Her father used to read her his horror scripts as bedtime stories.
Asia Argento : She has mentioned that he was absent when she was a child, and has also mentioned that, because of this, she did not have a happy childhood.
Asia Argento : Argento has mentioned in interviews that she does not have a close relationship with her father.
Asia Argento : Argento has said that as a child she was lonely and depressed, owing in part to her parents' work.
Asia Argento : In a statement provided to the "Times", he said: "I was underage when the event took place, and I tried to seek justice in a way that made sense to me at the time because I was not ready to deal with the ramifications of my story becoming public.
Asia Argento : In August 2018, "The New York Times" detailed allegations that Argento sexually assaulted actor Jimmy Bennett in 2013 when he was 17 and she was 37;
Asia Argento : Asia Argento (] ; born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento, 20 September 1975) is an Italian actress, singer, and director.
Asia Argento : When Argento was born, the city registry office in Rome refused to acknowledge "Asia" as an appropriate name, and instead officially inscribed her name as "Aria" (a name accepted by the city registry).
Asia Argento : Argento married film director Michele Civetta on 27 August 2008 in Arezzo.
Asia Argento : Her mother is actress Daria Nicolodi, and her maternal great-grandfather was composer Alfredo Casella.
Mia Kirshner : She and Beverly Polcyn were nominated for Best Kiss at the 2002 MTV Movie Awards for "Not Another Teen Movie".
Oksana Baiul : Oksana Serhiyivna Baiul-Farina ( ; born 16 November 1977) is a Ukrainian retired competitive figure skater.
Holly Marie Combs : While Combs was learning to walk, she fell and hit her head on a marble table, resulting in a noticeable 'split' at the top of her right eyebrow.
Holly Marie Combs : Combs's biological parents married, but the two split up after two years, feeling they were too young to make a marriage work.
Holly Marie Combs : Holly Marie Combs (born December 3, 1973) is an American actress and television producer.
Afghan Girl : Her photograph was taken by National Geographic Society photographer Steve McCurry, on Kodachrome 64 color slide film, with a Nikon FM2 camera and Nikkor 105mm Ai-S F2.5 lens.
Afghan Girl : The image of her face, with a red scarf draped loosely over her head and her eyes staring directly into the camera, was named "the most recognized photograph" in the magazine's history, and the cover is one of "National Geographic's" most famous.
Jacqui Smith : ".
Jacqui Smith : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jacqui Smith : Working as a school teacher, Smith taught Economics at Arrow Vale High School in Redditch from 1986 to 1988 and at Worcester Sixth Form College, before becoming Head of Economics and GNVQ Co-ordinator at Haybridge High School, Hagley, in 1990.
Sarah Parker : Born in Charlotte, North Carolina, Parker attended Meredith College, graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with an Education degree and served with the Peace Corps in Turkey from 1964 to 1966 before returning to Chapel Hill to earn a J.D.
Fran Walsh : Walsh and Jackson have not married (2015).
Fran Walsh : She won three Academy Awards in 2004, for Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Original Song, all for "".
Fran Walsh : Walsh was born into a family of Irish descent in Wellington, New Zealand.
Fran Walsh : Dame Frances Rosemary Walsh {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 10 January 1959) is a New Zealand screenwriter, film producer, and lyricist.
Philippa Boyens : She received a Distinguished Alumni Award from the university in 2006.
Allison Janney : Her film roles include "Private Parts" (1997), "Primary Colors" (1998), "10 Things I Hate About You" (1999), "Drop Dead Gorgeous" (1999), "American Beauty" (1999), "Nurse Betty" (2000), "The Hours" (2002), "Hairspray" (2007), "Juno" (2007), "The Help" (2011), "The Way, Way Back" (2013), "Tammy" (2014), "Spy" (2015), "Tallulah" (2016), "The Girl on the Train" (2016), "Bad Education" (2019) and "Bombshell" (2019).
Allison Janney : A character actress, Janney is the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, seven Primetime Emmy Awards, and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Takako Matsu : Because Shirayuri Gakuen, her high school, prohibited working in the industry, she moved to Horikoshi High School.
Ha Ji-won : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ha Ji-won : Jeon Hae-rim (; born 28 June 1978), better known by her stage name Ha Ji-won (Korean:  ) is a South Korean actress.
Alyson Stoner : In 2003 and 2005, she appeared as Sarah, one of the twelve Baker children, in the successful comedies "Cheaper by the Dozen" and "Cheaper by the Dozen 2".
Alyson Stoner : In 2011, Stoner started working with record producers, songwriters and a vocal coach to change her vocal style from "kiddie-pop" to a more soulful pop vibe with a little alternative edge for her first studio album.
Laura Tyson : Tyson has published a number of books and articles on industrial competitiveness, trade, and also on the economies of Central Europe and their transitions to market systems.
Laura Tyson : Since 2012, Tyson has written monthly columns for international media organization Project Syndicate.
Laura Tyson : In November 2013, Tyson founded the Institute for Business and Social Impact at the University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business.
Laura Tyson : Tyson joined Berkeley Research Group, LLC, an expert services advisory firm co-founded by David Teece, as a special advisor in 2010.
Laura Tyson : Laura D'Andrea Tyson (born June 28, 1947) is an American economist and former Chair of the US President's Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton Administration.
Laila Freivalds : Following the assassination of Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh on 11 September 2003, Freivalds was asked to succeed her as Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Charlotte Church : By 2007, she had sold more than 10 million records worldwide including over 5 million in the United States.
Charlotte Church : Church gave birth to a daughter, Ruby Megan Henson, on 20 September 2007, and to a son, Dexter Lloyd Henson, on 11 January 2009.
Thandie Newton : Between 1992 and 1995, Newton won a place at Downing College, Cambridge, where she obtained a degree in social anthropology.
Nina Hagen : Catharina "Nina" Hagen (] ( ) ; born 11 March 1955) is a German singer, songwriter, and actress.
Nina Hagen : Back in Germany by mid-1977, Hagen formed the Nina Hagen Band in West Berlin's Kreuzberg district.
Karisma Kapoor : Karisma Kapoor (born 25 June 1974) is an Indian film actress.
Alison Krauss : a.
Alison Krauss : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Claire Denis : Claire Denis (] ; born 21 April 1946) is a French film director and writer.
Claire Denis : Denis was born in Paris, but raised in colonial French Africa, where her father was a civil servant, living in Burkina Faso, Cameroon, French Somaliland, and Senegal.
Kaori Ekuni : Kaori Ekuni (江國 香織 "Ekuni Kaori", born 21 March 1964) is a Japanese author.
Hu Shuli : Ms Hu serves as a member on the Reuters Editorial Advisory Board and a member of the International Media Council of the World Economic Forum.
Hu Shuli : In November 2009, Hu Shuli resigned from "Caijing" along with 90 percent of "Caijing"'s journalists, barely a few weeks after the resignation of Daphne Wu Chuanhui and nearly 70 employees from the business department, and created the breakthrough new media group, Caixin Media and acted as editor-in-chief, Observing the situation, Diane Vacca at Women's Voices for Change quoted Chinese blogger Hecaitou: "She’s got blood on her blade, and her clothing smells of gunpowder.”
Hu Shuli : She also studied development economics as a Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford University in 1994 and earned an EMBA through Fordham University and the China Center for Economic Research at Peking University in 2002.
Estella Warren : Estella Dawn Warren (born December 23, 1978) is a Canadian-American actress, fashion model and former synchronized swimmer.
Marina Abramović : parodied Abramović's work and the documentary film "Marina Abramović: The Artist Is Present."
Marina Abramović : Abramović sat across from 1,545 sitters, including Klaus Biesenbach, James Franco, Lou Reed, Alan Rickman, Jemima Kirke, Jennifer Carpenter and Björk; sitters were asked not to touch or speak to the artist.
Marina Abramović : From March 14 to May 31, 2010, the Museum of Modern Art held a major retrospective and performance recreation of Abramović's work, the biggest exhibition of performance art in MoMA's history, curated by Klaus Biesenbach.
Marina Abramović : Among them were a rose, a feather, honey, a whip, olive oil, scissors, a scalpel, a gun and a single bullet.
Kate Capshaw : Originally an Episcopalian, she converted to Judaism before marrying Spielberg on October 12, 1991.
Kate Capshaw : Kathleen Sue Spielberg (née Nail; born November 3, 1953), known professionally as Kate Capshaw, is an American retired actress, best known for her portrayal of Willie Scott, an American nightclub singer and performer in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" (1984), directed by eventual husband Steven Spielberg.
Kate Capshaw : She moved to St. Louis, Missouri, at the age of five, and graduated from Hazelwood Senior High, now called Hazelwood Central High School, in 1972.
Patricia Clarkson : Patricia Davies Clarkson (born December 29, 1959) is an American actress.
Sylvia Earle : Earle was the first female chief scientist of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and was named by "Time Magazine" as its first Hero for the Planet in 1998.
Joyce Anelay, Baroness Anelay of St Johns : Lady Anelay was Government Chief Whip in the House of Lords from 12 May 2010 until 6 August 2014, having previously been Opposition Chief Whip prior to the 2010 General Election.
Joyce Anelay, Baroness Anelay of St Johns : Joyce Anne Anelay, Baroness Anelay of St Johns, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 17 July 1947) is a British Conservative Party politician, previously serving as Minister of State of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office from August 2014 to June 2017.
Joyce Anelay, Baroness Anelay of St Johns : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Peggy Whitson : Peggy Annette Whitson (born February 9, 1960) is an American biochemistry researcher, retired NASA astronaut, and former NASA Chief Astronaut.
Onora O'Neill : O'Neill has written widely on political philosophy and ethics, international justice, bioethics and the philosophy of Immanuel Kant.
Onora O'Neill : Onora Sylvia O'Neill, Baroness O'Neill of Bengarve {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 23 August 1941) is a British philosopher and a crossbench member of the House of Lords.
Onora O'Neill : She has written extensively about trust, noting "that people often choose to rely on the very people whom they claimed not to trust" and suggesting that we "need to free professionals and the public service to serve the public...to work towards more intelligent forms of accountability...[and] to rethink a media culture in which spreading suspicion has become a routine activity".
Onora O'Neill : She is also a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1993) and the Austrian Academy of Sciences (2002), a Foreign Member of the American Philosophical Society (2003), and Hon.
Diane Sawyer : She attended one semester of law school at the University of Louisville before turning to journalism.
Diane Sawyer : E. P. "Tom" Sawyer State Park, in the Frey's Hill area of Louisville, is named in his honor.
Diane Sawyer : Lila Diane Sawyer ( ; born December 22, 1945) is an American television broadcast journalist known for anchoring major programs on two networks including "ABC World News Tonight", "Good Morning America", "20/20", and "Primetime" newsmagazine while at ABC News.
Diane Sawyer : From 1998 to 2000, she co-anchored ABC's "20/20", also a newsmagazine, broadcast on Wednesdays with Donaldson and on Sundays with Barbara Walters.
Mylène Farmer : As usual, Farmer did not shy away from controversy; "Que mon cœur lâche", a song dealing with AIDS and sexual relations, is accompanied by a video directed by Luc Besson (the first time in Farmer's career that a video wasn't directed by Boutonnat) in which Farmer plays an angel sent down to earth by God (who refuses to send Jesus again, stating that "last time it was a disaster") to save mankind from itself.
Rie Miyazawa : On March 23, 2016, Miyazawa announced that her divorce from Nakatsu has been finalized.
Heidi Heitkamp : I love it."
Heidi Heitkamp : I love it."
Heidi Heitkamp : She considered a bid for the Democratic nomination in the 2010 U.S. Senate election to replace the retiring Byron Dorgan, but on March 3, 2010, declined to run against Hoeven, who was ultimately elected.
Heidi Heitkamp : Mary Kathryn Heitkamp ( ; born October 30, 1955) is an American businesswoman, lawyer and politician who served as a United States senator from North Dakota from 2013 to 2019.
Heidi Heitkamp : In November 2011 Heitkamp declared her candidacy to replace the retiring Kent Conrad as U.S. senator from North Dakota in the 2012 election.
Mary Higgins Clark : Simon & Schuster, which have published all of Higgins Clark's novels and in the late 1990s signed her to a $64-million, four-book contract, have funded the Mary Higgins Clark Award, given by the Mystery Writers of America to authors of suspense fiction.
Marjane Satrapi : Marjane Satrapi ( ; born 22 November 1969) is an Iranian-born French graphic novelist, cartoonist, illustrator, film director, and children's book author.
Fairuz : Fairuz and Assi Rahbani had four children: Ziad, a Lebanese composer, playwright and pianist, Layal (died in 1987 of a stroke), also a composer, Hali (paralyzed since early childhood after meningitis) and Rima, a photographer and film director.
Jolin Tsai : In 2007, Tsai and her sister launched the nail polish brand named Oops!
Jolin Tsai : Since the launch of her career, Tsai has endorsed a number of internationally famous brands, including Absolut Vodka, Adidas, Always, Asus, Bausch & Lomb, BenQ, Bulgari, China Airlines, China Life, Crest, Gap, Dr. Jart, Dungeon & Fighter, Head & Shoulders, Hi-Chew, Intel, Knorr, Lay's, Levi's, L'Oréal, Lux, Max Factor, McDonald's, Mengniu, Mercedes-Benz, Motorola, Nars, Pechoin, Pepsi, Pony, Puma, Quaker, Rémy Martin, Samsung, Shisedo, Standard Chartered, Swarovski, Taiwan Beer, TalesWeaver"," Tropicana, Uber Eats, Xtep, Yamaha, and 7-Eleven.
A-Mei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shohreh Aghdashloo : In 2001, Aghdashloo was cast opposite Ben Kingsley and Jennifer Connelly in director Vadim Perelman's "House of Sand and Fog" (2003) for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Linda Hunt : As a teenager, Hunt was diagnosed as having hypopituitary dwarfism.
Linda Hunt : Hunt portrayed the male character Billy Kwan in "The Year of Living Dangerously" (1982) for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, becoming the first person to win an Oscar for portraying a character of the opposite sex.
Carol Heiss : Competing in ladies' singles, she became the 1960 Olympic champion, the 1956 Olympic silver medalist, and a five-time World champion (1956–1960).
Joss Stone : These are my words, and this is who I am as an artist."
Joss Stone : Stone herself describes it as "truly me.
Joss Stone : That's why I'm calling it "Introducing Joss Stone".
Joss Stone : She also revealed on "The Tavis Smiley Show" that her break-up with Beau Dozier was a source of inspiration while writing "Introducing Joss Stone".
Joss Stone : Stone flew to Miami and Philadelphia to start work on her debut album, "The Soul Sessions", released on 16 September 2003.
Joss Stone : At the 2007 Grammy Awards, Stone shared the award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for her collaboration with John Legend and Van Hunt on their 2005 cover of Sly & the Family Stone's 1971 chart-topper "Family Affair".
Joss Stone : Virgin Records describes the album as "an electrifying mix of warm vintage soul, 1970s-style R&B, Motown girl-group harmonies, and hip-hop grooves".
Joss Stone : Stone was the youngest woman on the 2006 "Sunday Times Rich List"—an annual list of the UK's wealthiest people—with £6 million.
Joss Stone : At the 2005 BRIT Awards, Stone won for British Female Solo Artist and British Urban Act—entering the "Guinness World Records" as the youngest BRIT Award solo winner at age seventeen, and was nominated for British Breakthrough Act.
Namie Amuro : Wait!
Namie Amuro : Stay!
Namie Amuro : Since then,she started to produce her own activities.However, in December she worked with Komuro for the last time on "Lovin' It", a single released as part of Avex's Song+Nation charity project.
Namie Amuro : She won two awards, "Best R&B Video" and "Most Impressive Performing Asian Artist", making her the first artist to win MTV VMAJ awards four years in a row (she won "Inspiration Award" in 2002, "Best Collaboration" in 2003 and "Best R&B Video" in 2004).
Marimo Ragawa : Marimo Ragawa continues to draw other manga such as "Aka-chan to Boku" ("Baby and Me"), "New York New York", and "Itsudemo Otenki Kibun".
Kimiko Date : On 6 April 2008, nearly 12 years after retiring, Date announced she would return to the professional tour at the age of 37.
Kimiko Date : Date began 1990 by reaching the fourth round at the Australian Open, where she was defeated by fourth seed Helena Suková.
Toni Braxton : She has a younger brother Michael Jr. (born 1968) and four younger sisters Traci Renee (born 1971), Towanda Chloe (born 1973), Trina Evette (born 1974), and Tamar Estine (born 1977).
Toni Braxton : Her father, Michael Conrad Braxton Sr., was a Methodist clergyman and power company worker, and her mother, Evelyn Jackson, a native of South Carolina, was a former opera singer and cosmetologist, as well as a pastor.
Sarah McLeod : Sarah McLeod (born 18 July 1971) is a New Zealand film and television actress.
Sarah McLeod : From 2008 to 2009, McLeod co-starred in the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street" as Cindy Watson.
Sarah McLeod : In 2007, McLeod and fourteen other "Lord of the Rings" actors from New Zealand sued New Line, as they felt they were legally entitled to five percent of the trilogy's net merchandising revenue.
Alison Richard : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alison Richard : Alison Richard was born in Kent.
Alison Richard : She attended the Queenswood School and was an undergraduate in Anthropology at Newnham College, Cambridge, before gaining a PhD from King's College London in 1973 with a thesis titled "Social organization and ecology of propithecus verreaux grandidier".
Alison Richard : Dame Alison Fettes Richard, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 1 March 1948) is an English anthropologist, conservationist and university administrator.
Yelena Kondakova : Yelena Vladimirovna Kondakova ( ; born March 30, 1957) was the third Soviet/Russian female cosmonaut to travel to space and the first woman to make a long-duration spaceflight.
Shannon Lucid : Lucid was awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in December 1996 (for her mission to Mir), making her the tenth person and first woman to be given that honor.
Shannon Lucid : Starting in 2005, Lucid served as lead CAPCOM (capsule communicator) on the Planning (overnight) shift in Mission Control for a number of Space Shuttle missions, including: STS-114, STS-116, STS-118, STS-120, STS-122, STS-124, STS-125, STS-126, STS-127, STS-128, STS-129, STS-130, STS-132, STS-133, STS-134 and STS-135.
Josie Ho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nicky Hilton Rothschild : She has Norwegian, German, Italian, English, Irish, and Scottish ancestry.
Nicky Hilton Rothschild : Nicholai Olivia Rothschild (née Hilton, October 5, 1983) is an American businesswoman, socialite, model and fashion designer.
Karen Allen : In 1988, Allen married actor Kale Browne and had a son, Nicholas, in 1990.
Karen Allen : Three years later, she moved back to New York City and studied at the Lee Strasberg Theater Institute.
Elisabeth Shue : She was also nominated for a BAFTA, Golden Globe and SAG Award for Best Actress, and won Best Actress at the Independent Spirit Awards, Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards and the National Society of Film Critics Awards.
Amber Tamblyn : Tamblyn and actor-comedian David Cross became engaged in August 2011, and married on October 6, 2012.
Julia Stiles : Julia O'Hara Stiles (born March 28, 1981) is an American actress.
Julia Stiles : In 2005, Stiles was cast opposite her "Hamlet" co-star Liev Schreiber in "The Omen," a remake of the 1976 horror film.
Julia Stiles : Between the "Bourne" films, she appeared in "Mona Lisa Smile" (2003) as Joan, a student at Wellesley College in 1953, whose art professor (Julia Roberts) encourages her to pursue a career in law rather than become a wife and mother.
Kathy Whitmire : Kathryn Jean Whitmire (née Niederhofer) (born August 15, 1946) is an American politician, businesswoman, and accountant best known as the first woman to serve as Mayor of Houston, serving for five consecutive two-year terms from 1982 to 1991.
Hayden Panettiere : After Panettiere attended South Orangetown Middle School in New York, she was homeschooled and had private tutors from grade nine to the completion of high school to accommodate her acting schedule.
Lacey Chabert : She was "World's Baby Petite" in the "World's Our Little Miss Scholarship Competition" in 1985.
Margaret Burbidge : When the observatory's management found out, they eventually agreed that she could observe there, but only if she and her husband stayed in a separate self-catered cottage on the grounds, rather than the catered dormitory which had been designed for men only.
Margaret Burbidge : On 2 April 1948, Margaret Peachey married Geoffrey Burbidge.
Margaret Burbidge : She returned to the UK in 1953, when Margaret and her husband Geoffrey Burbidge were invited to work with William Alfred Fowler and Fred Hoyle at the University of Cambridge.
Margaret Burbidge : Eleanor Margaret Burbidge, FRS ("née" Peachey; 12 August 1919 – 5 April 2020) was a British-American observational astronomer and astrophysicist.
Margaret Burbidge : She was turned down for a postdoctoral fellowship from Carnegie Observatories in 1945 because the job required observing at Mount Wilson Observatory, which was reserved for men only at that time.
Lara Fabian : The first single, released in the summer of 2001, was the anthem "J'y crois encore" was a top 20 French hit.
Lara Fabian : Towards the end of 2002, Fabian released her second live album, "Live 2002", from her latest tour, together with a DVD showcasing concerts recorded in December 2001 in Belgium at the Forest National and at Le Zénith in Paris.
Lara Fabian : The dance-pop song "I Will Love Again", her first English single, reached #1 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play, and peaked #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #10 Adult Contemporary, as well as appearing in several international charts.
Judith Miller : Shortly after Miller's article was published, Condoleezza Rice, Colin Powell, and Donald Rumsfeld appeared on television and pointed to Miller's story in support of their position.
Judith Miller : A year later, on May 26, 2004, a week after the U.S. government apparently severed ties with Chalabi, a "Times" editorial acknowledged that some of the paper's coverage in the run-up to the war had relied too heavily on Chalabi and other Iraqi exiles, who were bent on regime change.
Judith Miller : Her front-page story quoted unnamed "American officials" and "American intelligence experts" who said the tubes were intended to be used to enrich nuclear material, and cited unnamed "Bush administration officials" who claimed that, in recent months, Iraq had "stepped up its quest for nuclear weapons and [had] embarked on a worldwide hunt for materials to make an atomic bomb".
Jennifer Hudson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jennifer Hudson : In August 2009, Hudson gave birth to her first child, her son David Daniel Otunga, Jr.
Renée Fleming : Fleming married actor Rick Ross in 1989, and their marriage produced two daughters.
Julia Gillard : As the election delivered a hung parliament, a $1.8 billion package was given to rural hospitals, which was agreed to by the independents to support her re-election.
Julia Gillard : In January 2016 she opened the Julia Gillard Library in the Melbourne suburb of Tarneit; the library's name was selected by the Wyndham City Council to recognise her contributions as both the local member of parliament and Prime Minister.
Julia Gillard : Later that day, in her first press conference as Prime Minister, Gillard said that at times the Rudd Government "went off the tracks", and "[I] came to the view that a good Government was losing its way".
Julia Gillard : Julia Eileen Gillard {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 29 September 1961) is an Australian politician who served as the 27th Prime Minister of Australia and Leader of the Labor Party from 2010 to 2013, the first and only woman to date to hold either role.
Julia Gillard : Gillard went on to study at the University of Adelaide, but switched to the University of Melbourne in 1982, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Laws in 1986 and a Bachelor of Arts in 1989.
Kathy Bates : She graduated early from White Station High School (1965) and from Southern Methodist University (1969), where she studied theatre and became a member of the Alpha Delta Pi sorority.
Cloris Leachman : Cloris Leachman (April 30, 1926 – January 27, 2021) was an American actress and comedienne whose career spanned more than seven decades.
Kristin Scott Thomas : Dame Kristin Ann Scott Thomas {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 24 May 1960) is an English actress who also holds French citizenship.
Gretchen Mol : She played Norah in "The Memory Keeper's Daughter" which aired on The Lifetime Channel in the U.S. in April 2008.
Gretchen Mol : In February 2018, she played attorney Sam Henessy in the Netflix series "Seven Seconds".
Gretchen Mol : It started airing in the U.S. on October 9, 2008 and ran 17 episodes, concluding on April 1, 2009.
Gretchen Mol : She had a recurring role on HBO's "Boardwalk Empire" as Gillian Darmody, a showgirl at the Beaux Arts and mother and incestuous lover to gangster Jimmy Darmody (played by Michael Pitt).
Gretchen Mol : Mol worked with Mary Harron for two years as the director struggled to finance "The Notorious Bettie Page": "I kind of felt like I lived with it for a while; certainly not as long as Mary Harron did but I got a good chance to really feel like I knew something about Bettie so by the time the role was mine and I was on set, I was pretty confident.
Gretchen Mol : Mol serves as the national spokesperson in the United States for the PMD Foundation, which funds research and awareness of Pelizaeus–Merzbacher disease, a neurological disorder which affects children worldwide.
Gretchen Mol : She said, "I was auditioning for "Guiding Light" and I was happy I got a Spike-Lee movie, which was a tiny part, but all of a sudden I had Spike Lee on my resume.
Gretchen Mol : He photographed her in New York's Central Park and replaced her unrepresentative portfolio with professional-looking black-and-white images which landed her on the cover of "W" within weeks, and foreshadowed her "It Girl" and "Bettie Page" looks.
Gretchen Mol : She also appeared in the films "Rounders" (1998), "Celebrity" (1998), "The Thirteenth Floor" (1999), "The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005), in which she played the title character, "" (2007), and "Manchester by the Sea" (2016).
Gretchen Mol : In 1998, she also came to prominence when she was featured on the cover of "Vanity Fair", dubbed the "It Girl of the Nineties" by the magazine.
Gretchen Mol : The next year, 2007, was one of her busiest, with four films in production or in release, including a remake of "" starring Russell Crowe, and "An American Affair", in which her character, Catherine Caswell, has an affair with John F. Kennedy.
Gretchen Mol : She made a Hallmark Hall of Fame television movie in January 2007, starring in "The Valley of Light", a story set in post-World War II based on a novel by Terry Kay.
Catherine Ashton : Secretaries of State.
Catherine Ashton : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Catherine Ashton : Catherine Margaret Ashton, Baroness Ashton of Upholland, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 20 March 1956 at Upholland, Lancashire) is a British Labour politician who served as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and First Vice President of the European Commission in the Barroso Commission from 2009 to 2014.
Silvia Farina Elia : On Monday 24 October 2005 she announced her retirement from the tour due a recurrence of a shoulder, saying, "My body has given all it can."
Silvia Farina Elia : Silvia Farina Elia (] ; born 27 April 1972) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Silvia Farina Elia : In 2003, she achieved her best Grand Slam result at the unlikely venue of Wimbledon, home of her least favourite surface, losing to Kim Clijsters, 7–5, 0–6, 1–6 in the quarterfinals.
Lorraine Bracco : Her father was of Italian descent, while her mother was born in England, and had some French ancestry.
Lorraine Bracco : Bracco grew up in Hicksville, New York, on Long Island, from fourth grade.
Lorraine Bracco : Bracco's second marriage was to actor Edward James Olmos in 1994; they divorced in 2002.
Lorraine Bracco : Her breakthrough role was that of Karen Hill, wife of mob associate Henry Hill, in Martin Scorsese's "Goodfellas" (1990), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.
Fu Mingxia : They have a daughter (born February 26, 2003) and two sons (born December 12, 2004 and April 25, 2008).
Deng Yaping : She answered, "when your personal value overlaps with the interests of the state, your value will be enlarged without limit."
Deng Yaping : In 2007, she married Lin Zhigang, also a table tennis player, and later gave birth to a baby boy.
Deng Yaping : Deng Yaping (; born February 6, 1973) is a Chinese table tennis player, who won eighteen world championships including four Olympic championships between 1989 and 1997.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : In other books, Hochschild applies her perspective on emotion to the American family.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : For earlier work she was awarded the Ulysses Medal from University College Dublin, Ireland.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : "The Managed Heart", "The Second Shift," "The Time Bind", and "Strangers In Their Own Land" have been named "Notable Books of the Year" by "The New York Times".
Arlie Russell Hochschild : Arlie Russell Hochschild ( ; born January 15, 1940) is an American professor emerita of sociology at the University of California, Berkeley and writer.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : Hochschild starts with the thesis that human emotions—joy, sadness, anger, elation, jealousy, envy, despair—are, in large part, social.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : Her latest book, "Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right", is based on five years of immersion research among Louisiana supporters of the Tea Party.
Arlie Russell Hochschild : She argues that working parents in the United States put in long hours at work not because "employers demand long hours nor out of financial need, but because their work lives are more rewarding than their home lives."
Arlie Russell Hochschild : Hochschild was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Ruth Alene (Libbey) and Francis Henry Russell, a diplomat who served in Israel, New Zealand, Ghana, and Tunisia.
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario : Sánchez Vicario was also a member of the Spanish teams that won the Hopman Cup in 1990 and 2002.
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario : Commentator Bud Collins described her as "unceasing in determined pursuit of tennis balls, none seeming too distant to be retrieved in some manner and returned again and again to demoralize opponents" and nicknamed her the "Barcelona Bumblebee".
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario : She then married businessman Josep Santacana in September 2008, with whom she has a daughter named Arantxa (born February 2009) and son named Leo (born October 2011).
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario : In 2005, "TENNIS "Magazine ranked her in 27th place in its list of 40 Greatest Players of the "TENNIS" era and in 2007, she was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame.
Arantxa Sánchez Vicario : In 1991, she helped Spain win its first-ever Fed Cup title, and helped Spain win the Fed Cup in 1993, 1994, 1995, and 1998.
Stockard Channing : Channing was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress three times in the 1990s: in 1991, for "Six Degrees of Separation"; in 1992, for "Four Baboons Adoring the Sun"; and in 1999, for "The Lion in Winter".
Stockard Channing : She studied history and literature at Radcliffe College in Massachusetts and graduated "summa cum laude" in 1965.
Stockard Channing : Channing was born in Manhattan, the daughter of Mary Alice (née English; 1910–2007), who came from a large Brooklyn Irish Catholic family, and Lester Napier Stockard (died 1960), who was in the shipping business.
Stockard Channing : A 13-time Primetime Emmy Award nominee and seven-time Tony Award nominee, she won the 1985 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for the Broadway revival of "A Day in the Death of Joe Egg", and won Emmy Awards for "The West Wing" and "The Matthew Shepard Story", both in 2002.
Christy Clark : On July 28, 2017, Clark announced that she would resign as Liberal Party Leader and exit from politics, effective August 4.
Christy Clark : Clark also served as a weekly columnist for the "Vancouver Province" and the "Vancouver Sun" newspapers during the 2005 provincial election and an election analyst for Global BC and CTV News Channel during the 2006 federal election.
Carly Fiorina : Fiorina was an adviser to Republican Senator John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign.
Carly Fiorina : In 1989 she obtained a Master of Science, in management, at the MIT Sloan School of Management, under the Sloan Fellows program.
Dina Meyer : Dina Meyer (born December 22, 1968) is an American actress.
Irshad Manji : I'm post-wing".
Irshad Manji : She was also a columnist for Ottawa's new LGBT newspaper "Capital Xtra!"
Irshad Manji : She was a visiting fellow with the International Security Studies program at Yale University in 2006 and was a senior fellow with the Brussels-based European Foundation for Democracy from 2006 to 2012.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : Her publications include:
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : She has campaigned to improve the status and number of women in professional and academic posts in the fields of physics and astronomy.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : That Bell did not receive recognition in the 1974 Nobel Prize in Physics has been a point of controversy ever since.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : Bell Burnell was the subject of the first part of the BBC Four three-part series "Beautiful Minds", directed by Jacqui Farnham.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : From her school days, she has been an active Quaker and served as Clerk to the sessions of Britain Yearly Meeting in 1995, 1996 and 1997.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : Following the announcement of the award, she decided to give the whole of the £2.3 million prize money to help female, minority, and refugee students seeking to become physics researchers, the funds to be administered by the Institute of Physics.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : In 1968, between the discovery of the second and third pulsar, Bell became engaged to Martin Burnell and they married soon after; the couple divorced in 1993 after separating in 1989.
Jocelyn Bell Burnell : She worked at the University of Southampton between 1968 and 1973, University College London from 1974 to 82 and the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh (1982–91).
Jane Jensen : Jane Jensen (born Jane Elizabeth Smith; January 28, 1963 in Palmerton, Pennsylvania) is an American video game designer and author.
Debi Thomas : Debra Janine Thomas (born March 25, 1967) is an African American former figure skater and physician.
Linda Cardellini : Cardellini dated her "Freaks and Geeks" co-star Jason Segel for five years following the show's cancellation.
Linda Cardellini : In October 2011, Cardellini and her boyfriend Steven Rodriguez announced her pregnancy.
Linda Cardellini : She attended Loyola Marymount University's College of Communication and Fine Arts, graduating in 1997 with a degree in theatre arts.
Famke Janssen : In 2008, she was appointed a Goodwill Ambassador for Integrity by the United Nations.
Joey Yung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Clover Moore : Since becoming Mayor, Moore has been able to bring to completion the construction of several buildings and pieces of infrastructure.
Clover Moore : Clover Margaret Collins was born in 1945 and grew up in the suburb of Gordon, on Sydney's North Shore, one of three daughters of Kathleen and Francis Collins.
Clover Moore : Between 2014 and 2017 'Cloud Arch', a steel sculpture intended to be installed over George Street in Sydney, had its budget rise from A$ to 11.3 million dollars.
Clover Moore : After introducing bike lanes through many parts of inner Sydney, Moore broke an ankle on "Ride to Work Day" in October 2010, while dismounting from her bike, necessitating that she attend some events in a wheelchair.
Clover Moore : In the 2016 NSW local government elections she was comfortably returned to office, improving her vote 8.0% to win 59.1% of the popular vote.
Clover Moore : It has installed bicycle lanes; upgraded its car fleet to hybrids; planted 10,000 trees; provided 600 on-street car-share spaces; installed Sydney's largest building-based solar photovoltaic system; installed water harvesting in 11 major parks and voted to install two new trigeneration plants.
Clover Moore : On 27 October 2007 Moore proposed a Private Members Bill that would ban the sale of dogs, cats and other mammals in NSW pet stores, and effectively ban the breeding of crossbred dogs.
Clover Moore : She was an independent member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1988 to 2012, representing the electorates of Bligh (1988–2007) and Sydney (2007–2012).
Merlene Ottey : In 1998 Ottey moved to Slovenia and began training with Slovene coach Srđan Đorđević.
Merlene Ottey : She represented Jamaica in the 1979 Pan American Games, winning a bronze medal in the 200 m. She graduated from university with a Bachelor of Arts Degree and married fellow athlete Nathaniel Page in 1984 and briefly used the name Merlene Ottey-Page.
Bronwyn Bishop : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bronwyn Bishop : Bronwyn Kathleen Bishop {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Setright; born 19 October 1942) is an Australian former politician.
Bronwyn Bishop : She first became a Liberal Party office-holder in 1973 as president of the Balmoral branch and was later elected as the chairman of the Liberal Party Convention Committee from 1981 to 1985 and as the first female president of the NSW Liberals from 1985 to 1987.
Julie Bishop : On 1 January 2020, Bishop commenced her term as chancellor of the Australian National University.
Julie Bishop : Bishop retired from politics on 11 April 2019, before the impending federal election.
Julie Bishop : Julie Isabel Bishop (born 17 July 1956) is a former Australian politician who served as Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2013 to 2018 and deputy leader of the Liberal Party from 2007 to 2018.
Shizuka Arakawa : Arakawa was married on December 29, 2013, her 32nd birthday.
Shizuka Arakawa : After winning her Olympic title, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi called Arakawa in Turin, Italy to congratulate her.
Shizuka Arakawa : She listens to music by Christina Aguilera, Beyoncé, Mai Kuraki (who is also a close friend of hers) and EXILE, and likes shopping, driving, swimming, golf and practicing marine sports.
Jorja Fox : Jorja-An Fox (born July 7, 1968) is a Canadian-American actress and producer.
Margaret Jackson : Jackson was born in Warragul, Victoria, and studied at Warragul High School.
Ségolène Royal : On 2 April 2014 Royal was appointed Minister of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Manuel Valls, In January 2015 she was third in line in governmental rank, after the Prime Minister and Foreign Minister.
Annie Proulx : She won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction for her first novel, "Postcards".
Annie Proulx : Edna Ann Proulx ( ; born August 22, 1935) is an American novelist, short story writer, and journalist.
Parker Posey : Parker Christian Posey (born November 8, 1968) is an American actress and musician.
Parker Posey : Following small roles in "Coneheads" and the cult classic "Dazed and Confused" (also 1993), she was labeled "Queen of the Indies" for starring in a succession of independent films throughout the 1990s, such as "Sleep with Me" (1994), "Frisk", "Party Girl", "The Doom Generation", "Kicking and Screaming" (all 1995), "The Daytrippers" (1996), "Henry Fool", "The House of Yes" and "Clockwatchers" (all 1997).
Jane Campion : However, Rebecca Flint Marx argues, "while not inaccurate, [the feminist label] fails to fully capture the dilemmas of her characters and the depth of her work."
Jane Campion : After leaving the Australian Film and Television School, she directed an episode for ABC's light entertainment series "Dancing Daze" (1986), which led to her first TV film, "Two Friends" (1986), produced by Jan Chapman.
Marine Le Pen : She has been a vocal opponent of the Treaty of Lisbon, and opposes EU membership for Turkey and Ukraine.
Marine Le Pen : On economic policy, Le Pen favours protectionism as an alternative to free trade.
Marine Le Pen : She was a member of the Bar of Paris until 1998, when she joined the legal department of the National Front.
Marine Le Pen : Le Pen studied law at Panthéon-Assas University, graduating with a Master of Laws in 1991 and a Master of Advanced Studies (DEA) in criminal law in 1992.
Marine Le Pen : Marine Le Pen joined the FN in 1986, at the age of 18.
Marine Le Pen : Described as more moderate than her nationalist father, Le Pen has led a movement of "de-demonisation of the National Front" to soften its image, based on renovated positions and renewed teams, as well as expelling controversial members accused of racism, antisemitism, or Pétainism.
Marg Helgenberger : Mary Margaret Helgenberger (born November 16, 1958) is an American actress.
Marg Helgenberger : Helgenberger was born in Fremont, Nebraska, to Mary Kay ("née" Bolte), a nurse, and Hugh Helgenberger, a meat inspector.
Teresa Cheung Tak-lan : Teresa Cheung Tak-lan is a Hong Kong singer.
Fusae Ohta : Ohta's family name is romanized as "Ohta" by the URL of her website (ohtafusae.jp), the state government of Hawaii, the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific, Kansai Window, and Dawn Center.
Fusae Ohta : Ohta became governor of Osaka prefecture after the resignation of Knock Yokoyama in 2000.
Eva Herzigová : Herzigová has featured in a variety of international fashion magazines, gracing the covers of "Vogue" (France, Britain, Spain, Germany, Japan, Australia, Mexico, Poland, Turkey, Thailand), "Harper's Bazaar" (Britain, Spain, Ukraine, Italy, Australia) as well as "Elle", "Marie Claire", "Numéro" and "Allure".
Maia Chiburdanidze : Maia Chiburdanidze (Georgian: ; born 17 January 1961) is a Georgian chess player.
Sonali Bendre : On 4 July 2018 she revealed on Twitter that she has been diagnosed with an metastatic cancer and was undergoing treatment in a New York City hospital.
Vanessa Carlton : Upon graduation, she put on vocal performances at nightclubs in the community, beginning to feel more comfortable and dynamic on the stage.
Vanessa Carlton : Three months after recording a demo with producer Peter Zizzo, she signed with A&M Records.
Vanessa Carlton : Her subsequent albums, "Harmonium" (2004) and "Heroes & Thieves" (2007), failed to match the commercial success of the first.
Vanessa Carlton : At the age of 2, she visited Disneyland and played "It's a Small World" on the piano when she came home.
Vanessa Carlton : In 1994, when Carlton was 14 years old, she enrolled at the School of American Ballet.
Vanessa Carlton : The EP consists of four tracks, two of which are acoustic versions of Carlton's songs "Hear the Bells" and "A Thousand Miles".
Vanessa Carlton : In 2005, Carlton completed the New York City Marathon and donated the pledge money she collected to Musicians on Call, a nonprofit organization that brings live and recorded music to patients' bedsides.
Vanessa Carlton : Carlton was born in Milford, Pennsylvania, the first of three children of Edmund "Ed" Carlton, a pilot, and Heidi Lee, a pianist and school music teacher.
Vanessa Carlton : She provided the descant vocals for the Counting Crows song "Big Yellow Taxi", played piano for Italian singer Zucchero, along with Haylie Ecker on violin, for the song "Indaco Dagli Occhi Del Cielo" and provided backing vocals for "Moving On" by Kimya Dawson for her album "Hidden Vagenda".
Vanessa Carlton : Carlton released a holiday EP titled "Hear the Bells" in November 2012, and released her fifth studio album, "Liberman", on October 23, 2015.
Aleka Papariga : Alexandra "Aleka" Papariga (née Drosou; ; born 5 November 1945) is a communist Greek politician who served the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) as its General Secretary from 1991 to 2013.
Jean La Fontaine : Jean Sybil La Fontaine (born 1 November 1931) is a British anthropologist and emeritus professor of the London School of Economics.
Allison Mack : Mack married actress Nicki Clyne in February 2017.
Allison Mack : Allison Christin Mack (born July 29, 1982) is an American actress known for her roles as Chloe Sullivan on the WB/CW series "Smallville" and as Amanda on the FX series "Wilfred".
Allison Mack : In a 2003 article from "Forbes", advocates of NXIVM portrayed it as an organization focused on inspirational executive coaching, "like a practical MBA", while detractors accused the founder Keith Raniere of running "a cult-like program aimed at breaking down his subjects psychologically".
Allison Mack : Former NXIVM member Sarah Edmondson stated in a 2017 "New York Times" exposé and a 2018 A&E special on cults that Mack recruited her into an enclave within NXIVM, "Dominus Obsequious Sororium" (DOS), and that she had been branded in an initiation ceremony at Mack's house, under Mack's supervision.
Abby Wambach : Mary Abigail Wambach (born June 2, 1980) is an American retired soccer player, coach, two-time Olympic gold medalist, a FIFA Women's World Cup champion and a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Tanya Plibersek : Tanya Joan Plibersek (born 2 December 1969) is an Australian politician who served as Deputy Leader of the Labor Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 2013 to 2019, and has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Sydney since 1998.
Michaëlle Jean : Geographic locations
Michaëlle Jean : Geographic locations
Michaëlle Jean : Besides French and English, Jean is fluent in Spanish, Italian, and Haitian Creole, and can read Portuguese.
Michaëlle Jean : In 2010, Jean was appointed to a four-year term as the Special Envoy for Haiti for the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
Michaëlle Jean : Concurrent with her studies between 1979 and 1987, Jean coordinated a study on spousal abuse and worked at a women's shelter, which paved the way for her establishment of a network of shelters for women and children across Canada.
Michaëlle Jean : Jean received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Italian and Hispanic languages and literature from the University of Montreal, and, from 1984 to 1986, taught Italian Studies there, while completing her Master of Arts degree in comparative literature.
Michaëlle Jean : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Waris Dirie : Since March 2005, Dirie has held Austrian citizenship.
Waris Dirie : Dirie has received many prizes and awards for her humanitarian work and books including:
Waris Dirie : Waris Dirie ( ) (born 1965) is a Somali model, author, actress and human rights activist in the fight against Female Genital Mutilation (FGM).
Waris Dirie : In another incident, in early March 2008, Dirie went missing for three days while staying in Brussels.
Waris Dirie : In her book "Desert Flower", Dirie states that Iman's mother was good friends with her aunt, a relative with whom she once lived during her time in London.
Waris Dirie : From there, Dirie's modeling career took off, she soon became successful model, appearing in advertisements for top brands such as Chanel, Levi's, L'Oréal and Revlon.
Waris Dirie : It was also nominated for a Film Award in Gold in the "Outstanding Feature Film" category at the German Film Awards, and won the Audience Award in the "Best European Film" category at the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
Waris Dirie : She later released other successful books including "Desert Dawn", "Letter to My Mother" and "Desert Children", the latter of which was launched in tandem with a European campaign against FGM.
Waris Dirie : In January 2009 Dirie became a founding member of the "PPR Foundation for Women’s Dignity and Rights", an organization of French tycoon François-Henri Pinault (CEO of PPR) and his wife, Hollywood actress Salma Hayek.
Eva Green : She says she has no plans to work in Hollywood full-time because "the problem with Hollywood is that the studios are super powerful, they have far more power than the directors... [my] ambition at this moment is just to find a good script".
Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg : From 1990 to 1995, she was employed by GT Management (Asia) Ltd., Hong Kong, where from 1990 to 1993 she worked in Sales and Marketing and from 1993 as a deputy chief executive of that department.
Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg : Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'RE', '4': "} ("née" Alexandra Christina Manley; born 30 June 1964) is the first wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark, the younger son of Margrethe II of Denmark.
Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg : Of English, Chinese, Czech, and Austrian ancestry, Alexandra Manley was born in Hong Kong, as the eldest of three daughters of Richard Nigel Manley (born in Shanghai, China on 11 August 1924 to a father of English and Chinese ancestry, died 12 January 2010, buried 10 February 2010 in Liesing Cemetery, Vienna) and Christa Maria Manley of Czech and Austrian descent (born Christa Maria Nowotny in Austria in 1933).
Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg : She attended Quarry Bay Junior School (1969–1971), Glenealy School (1971–1974) and Island School (1974–1982), all in Hong Kong.
Noriko Hidaka : Hidaka was born in the Kudan area of Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan, where she attended Fujimi Elementary School.
Anne Hathaway : Things even out."
Anne Hathaway : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anne Hathaway : She is a supporter of LGBT rights and has donated money to organizations that support same sex marriage.
Anne Hathaway : Hathaway married actor and businessman Adam Shulman on September 29, 2012, in Big Sur, California, in a traditional Jewish ceremony.
Anne Hathaway : Hathaway's mother is of Irish descent, and her father is of Irish, French, English, and German ancestry.
Anne Hathaway : Hathaway's most acclaimed and highest-grossing films, according to the online portal Box Office Mojo and the review aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes, include "The Princess Diaries" (2001), "Brokeback Mountain" (2005), "The Devil Wears Prada" (2006), "Get Smart" (2008), "Rachel Getting Married" (2008), "Valentine's Day" (2010), "Alice in Wonderland" (2010), "Love and Other Drugs" (2010), "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012), "Les Misérables" (2012), "Interstellar" (2014), "The Intern" (2015), "Colossal" (2016), and "Ocean's 8" (2018).
Emma Freud : Emma Vallencey Freud {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 25 January 1962) is an English broadcaster and cultural commentator.
Riley Keough : Danielle Riley Keough ( ; born May 29, 1989) is an American actress, model, and producer, known primarily for her appearances in independent films.
Riley Keough : In February 2015, Keough married stuntman Ben Smith-Petersen in Napa, California, having announced their engagement the previous year.
Gigi Leung : Gigi Leung attended Maryknoll Convent School.
Kelly Chen : In the course of five months Chen released four albums.
Kelly Chen : A month after the initial launch, there were over 3 million downloads and, to date, the accumulated figure is over 6 million.
Wanda Sykes : A month earlier, Sykes married her wife Alex Niedbalski, a French woman, whom she met in 2006.
Wanda Sykes : Sykes attended Arundel High School in Gambrills, Maryland, and went on to graduate from Hampton University, where she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in marketing and became a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha.
Wanda Sykes : In November 2008, she publicly came out as a lesbian while at a same-sex marriage rally in Las Vegas regarding Proposition 8.
Erin Pizzey : Erin Patria Margaret Pizzey ( ; born 19 February 1939) is an English ex-feminist and men's rights advocate, domestic abuse advocate, and novelist.
Erin Pizzey : In November 2014, Pizzey became owner/manager of the AVFM WhiteRibbon.org website (since renamed Honest-Ribbon.org), which has been criticised by the original White Ribbon Campaign as "a copycat campaign articulating ... archaic views and denials about the realities of gender-based violence."
Erin Pizzey : She has been a patron of the charity ManKind Initiative since 2004, when she received a Roger Witcomb Award.
Erin Pizzey : Following the abuse and threats in Santa Fe she moved to Cayman Brac, Cayman Islands where she wrote with her husband, Jeff Shapiro.
Erin Pizzey : Pizzey and her family campaigned against the coroner's verdict of death by hanging and in 2001 a jury at a second inquest unanimously found that Keita's death was contributed to by the neglect of prison staff.
Erin Pizzey : She divorced him in 1976, and divorced her second husband, Jeff Scott Shapiro, in 1994.
Erin Pizzey : Her father was a diplomat and one of 17 children from a poor Irish family.<ref name="1990/911990"> </ref> In 1942, the family moved to Shanghai; shortly thereafter, they were captured by the invading Japanese Army and exchanged for Japanese prisoners of war.
Erin Pizzey : In her study ""Comparative Study of Battered Women And Violence-Prone Women,"" (co-researched with John Gayford of Warlingham Hospital), Pizzey distinguished between 'genuine battered women' and 'violence-prone women'; the former defined as "the unwilling and innocent victim of his or her partner's violence" and the latter defined as "the unwilling victim of his or her own violence."
Zico : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Devon Aoki : Devon Edwenna Aoki (born August 10, 1982) is a former American actress and fashion model.
Jill Tarter : Tarter's work in astrobiology and her success as a female scientist have garnered achievement awards from several scientific organizations.
Jill Tarter : Her professional interest in astronomy emerged as she pursued a Master's degree and PhD at the University of California at Berkeley.
Jill Tarter : Jill Cornell Tarter (born January 16, 1944) is an American astronomer best known for her work on the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI).
Dianne Wiest : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gabrielle Union : In 1991, at the age of 19, Union was attacked and raped at her part-time job at a Payless shoe store by a robber.
Sushmita Sen : Her parents are Shubeer Sen, a former Indian Air Force Wing Commander, and Subhra Sen, a jewelry designer and owner of a Dubai-based store.
Sushmita Sen : Sushmita Sen (born 19 November 1975) is an Indian actress and model who was crowned Femina Miss India in 1994 and won Miss Universe 1994 at the age of 18.
Sushmita Sen : Two years later her appearance as Rupali in David Dhawan's movie "Biwi No.1" won her the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award in 1999.
June and Jennifer Gibbons : They were sent to separate boarding schools in an attempt to break their isolation, but the pair became catatonic and entirely withdrawn when parted.
June and Jennifer Gibbons : By 2008, she was living quietly and independently, near her parents in West Wales.
June and Jennifer Gibbons : June Gibbons (born 11 April 1963) and Jennifer Gibbons (11 April 1963 – 9 March 1993) were identical twins who grew up in Wales.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie : Adichie, a feminist, has written the novels "Purple Hibiscus" (2003), "Half of a Yellow Sun" (2006), and "Americanah" (2013), the short story collection "The Thing Around Your Neck" (2009), and the book-length essay "We Should All Be Feminists" (2014).
Chiaki Mukai : Her recreational interests include snow skiing, Alpine competitive skiing, bass fishing, scuba diving, tennis, golf, photography, American Literature, and traveling.
Chiaki Mukai : Mukai was assigned the deputy mission scientist for STS-107.
Chiaki Mukai : She received her doctorate in medicine, Keio University School of Medicine, 1977; a doctorate in physiology, Keio University School of Medicine, 1988; board certified as a cardiovascular surgeon, Japan Surgical Society, 1989.
Sheikh Hasina : On 24 January 2017, in a speech in parliament, Prime Minister Hasina blamed Muhammad Yunus for the World Bank's pulling out of the project.
Sheikh Hasina : Sheikh Hasina ( ; , ; born 28 September 1947), also known by her married name Sheikh Hasina Wazed ( ), is a Bangladeshi politician serving as the 11th Prime Minister of the government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, having held the office since January 2009.
Zdeňka Vávrová : Zdeňka Vávrová (born 1945) is a Czech astronomer.
Zdeňka Vávrová : The Minor Planet Center credits her with the discovery of 115 numbered minor planets.
Leisha Hailey : In 2005, Hailey founded Marfa Records.
Leisha Hailey : lang for nearly five years until breaking up in 2001.
Leisha Hailey : In April 2008, Hailey was named spokesperson for Olivia Cruises, a travel company which sells cruises and resort vacations marketed towards lesbian customers.
Leisha Hailey : Leisha Hailey (born July 11, 1971) is an American actress and musician known for playing Alice Pieszecki in the Showtime Networks series "The L Word" and "".
Hitomi Kanehara : During elementary school she spent a year in San Francisco with her father.
Hitomi Kanehara : In 2012 she moved to France, and her book "Mazāzu" ("Mothers") won the Bunkamura Deux Magots Literary Prize.
Hitomi Kanehara : When the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster occurred in 2011, Kanehara left Tokyo for Okayama out of concerns about the effects of radiation on her children.
Janet Yellen : He works as an associate professor of economics at the University of Warwick.
Janet Yellen : Yellen is married to George Akerlof, an economist, 2001 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences laureate, professor at the McCourt School of Public Policy at Georgetown University, and professor emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley.
Janet Yellen : In July 2009, Yellen was mentioned as a potential successor to Ben Bernanke as chair of the Federal Reserve System, before he was re-nominated by President Barack Obama.
Janet Yellen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christa Miller : She was cover model and had a pictorial in the first U.S. edition of "Maxim".
Christa Miller : Miller married Bill Lawrence in 1999.
Christa Miller : After attending Convent of the Sacred Heart, she returned briefly to modeling, but soon took acting lessons, and gave up modeling when she moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1990.
Christa Miller : They have three children; Charlotte (born June 8, 2000), William (born January 3, 2003), and Henry (born October 8, 2006).
Alexa PenaVega : In August 2013, Vega became engaged to former "Big Time Rush" actor and singer Carlos Pena Jr., who she had been dating since late 2012 The couple married on January 4, 2014 in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, both taking PenaVega as their married name.
Alexa PenaVega : Alexa Ellesse PenaVega (née Vega; born August 27, 1988) is an American actress and singer.
Lynndie England : Lynndie Rana England (born November 8, 1982) is a convicted war criminal and former United States Army Reserve soldier who served in the 372nd Military Police Company and became known for her involvement in the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse scandal.
Lynndie England : Graner was convicted on all charges and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands : Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands (née "Petra Laurentien Brinkhorst"; born 25 May 1966) is the wife of Prince Constantijn and sister-in-law of King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima.
Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands : After this she studied at College of Queen Mary of the University of London where she received her Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in Political Science in 1989 and subsequently at the University of California, Berkeley, where she obtained her Master of Journalism (MJ) degree in 1991.
Liu Sola : Liu Sola (Chinese: 刘索拉 aka: Liu Suola; Beijing, China) is a Chinese composer, vocalist, music producer, and author.
Liu Sola : Her novels include "Chaos & All That" (1989), the English translation of which by Richard King, was awarded First Prize for translation by the British Comparative Literature Association, "Nv Zhen Tang" (2000), which has been translated into French and Italian, "La Grande Île des Tortues – Cochons" (2006) and "Lost in Fascination" (2011).
Empress Masako : On 30 April 2013, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess were present at the inauguration of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, which was the Crown Princess's first official overseas appearance in eleven years.
Rosanna Davison : They were engaged in 2013 and wed in the summer of 2014.
Rosanna Davison : Rosanna followed a vegetarian diet for more than a decade, but recently transitioned to a vegan diet to propel training for the Galway Ironman, an event that consists of a half-marathon, 90-kilometre bike ride and 1.9-kilometre swim.
Rosanna Davison : Born in County Dublin, Ireland, Davison's primary school education was at Aravon School, in County Wicklow.
Kelly Brook : Brook made a cameo appearance in the cabaret show "Forever Crazy" by Crazy Horse London end of 2012.
Kelly Brook : Since January 2019, Brook has co-presented Heart London Drivetime and Saturday Breakfast with Jason King.
Kelly Brook : In 2008, Brook took Jennifer Ellison's place as one of the three judges on the second series of the reality TV programme "", broadcast between September and November 2008.
Kelly Brook : She also co-presents the National Heart radio show on the Feel Good Weekend show on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm.
Kelly Brook : In November 2009, she began playing Celia in "Calendar Girls" at the Noël Coward Theatre.
Kelly Brook : In June 2014 Steam and Rye won Bar of the Year at the London Club and Bar Awards.
Kelly Brook : "Piranha 3D" opened to generally positive reviews and commercial success, grossing $83,188,163 on a budget of $24,000,000.
Kelly Brook : In December 2000, she played exotic dancer Anya in the play "Eye Contact" at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith.
Kelly Brook : In September 2014, Brook launched a clothing line for Simply Be.
Kelly Brook : In October 2008, she returned to the West End as Jeannie, in Neil LaBute's "Fat Pig" at London's Comedy Theatre.
Kelly Brook : In January 2009, she joined the third series of "Britain's Got Talent" as a fourth judge, but was subsequently axed from the programme after less than a week on the panel, the producers having decided the four-judge format was "too complicated".
Kelly Brook : In February 2007, it was announced that Brook had signed a contract, reported to be worth around £1m, to represent Unilever's Lynx body spray, known as "Axe" in the US and in continental Europe.
Kelly Brook : In 2006, she starred in an "Agatha Christie's Marple" drama on ITV and appeared as herself throughout the second series of "Moving Wallpaper", also for ITV, in 2009.
Kelly Brook : In 1997, at age 17, Brook appeared as a nurse in the music video for the KMFDM song "Megalomaniac".
Kelly Brook : During the TV series, her father Kenneth Parsons died from cancer, and although she initially decided to continue dancing in his memory, she withdrew from the competition in week nine.
Kelly Brook : She also competed in the "Strictly Come Dancing Christmas Special 2008", dancing the Jive with Brian Fortuna, Brendan Cole having to compete with his later partner Lisa Snowdon.
Kelly Brook : Brook has appeared on various British television shows, including "Strictly Come Dancing" (2007)", Britain's Got Talent" (2009)", Celebrity Juice" (2012–2013, 2015), "It's Not Me, It's You" (2016), "Loose Women" (2018), and "The Great Stand Up to Cancer Bake Off" (2020).
Lydia Dunn, Baroness Dunn : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lydia Dunn, Baroness Dunn : Dunn was also awarded the Prime Minister of Japan's Trade Award in 1987 and the United States' Secretary of Commerce award in 1988.
Rosario Dawson : When Rosario was a year old, her mother married Greg Dawson, a construction worker.
Rosario Dawson : Rosario Isabel Dawson (born May 9, 1979) is an American actress, voice actress, producer, and activist.
Rosario Dawson : In mid-2019, Dawson endorsed her boyfriend Cory Booker in the 2020 presidential election.
Lynne Ramsay : Ramsay was previously married to Rory Stewart Kinnear, a writer and musician.
Lynne Ramsay : On 8 October 2013, Ramsay was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Edinburgh for her contribution to British film.
Lynne Ramsay : Lynne Ramsay (born 5 December 1969) is a Scottish film director, writer, producer, and cinematographer best known for the feature films "Ratcatcher" (1999), "Morvern Callar" (2002), "We Need to Talk About Kevin" (2011), and "You Were Never Really Here" (2017).
Christine Baranski : Her other major Broadway credits include "Hide and Seek" (1980), "Hurlyburly" (1984), "The House of Blue Leaves" (1986), "Nick & Nora" (1991), and "Boeing Boeing" (2008).
Anita Baker : Baker's follow-up, "Giving You the Best That I Got", was released in October 1988 and immediately became a success, topping the "Billboard" 200 and selling 5 million copies worldwide, 3 million of which sold alone in the United States.
Masiela Lusha : Lusha has written poetry and translated it into Albanian.
Masiela Lusha : Lusha founded the Children of the World Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that offers food, shelter and education to families in deprived conditions.
Masiela Lusha : Lusha has written five books of poetry, "Inner Thoughts", "Drinking the Moon", "Amore Celeste", "The Call", "The Living Air;" a novel, "The Besa"; and two children's books.
Jessica Capshaw : Capshaw graduated from Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles in 1994.
Pat Barker : Patricia Mary W. Barker, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Drake; born 8 May 1943) is an English writer and novelist.
Vanessa Paradis : Vanessa Chantal Paradis (] ; born 22 December 1972) is a French singer, model, and actress.
Vanessa Paradis : They have a daughter, Lily-Rose Depp (born May 27, 1999), and a son, John Christopher "Jack" Depp III (born April 9, 2002).
Katie Melua : The iTunes version of the album includes a cover of the Prince song "Under the Cherry Moon" as a bonus track.
Katie Melua : Melua has not attended university, though she has often stated her desire to do so, saying that English literature, history and physics would be her courses of choice should she have the chance to go to university.
Katie Melua : In January 2012, Melua confirmed her engagement to World Superbike racer and musician James Toseland.
Katie Melua : Melua appeared on the BBC's "The Culture Show" in November 2006 advocating Paul McCartney as her choice in the search for Britain's greatest living icon.
Katie Melua : Melua is fluent in English and speaks some Russian; despite still speaking her native Georgian fluently she has admitted that she cannot write songs in the language.
Katie Melua : Towards the end of 2006, Melua released the single, "It's Only Pain", which was written by Mike Batt.
Katie Melua : Melua's concert is commemorated in the DVD release "Concert Under the Sea", released in June 2007.
Katie Melua : She has stated that this is related as much to her dislike of spending and glamour as it is to her support for the charity, and admits that she looks "like a tramp" and that her hairdresser playfully calls her look "the Romanian window cleaner".
Katie Melua : Both sides amicably agreed that the new lyrics were less likely to achieve commercial success, amidst a discussion about scientific accuracy versus artistic licence.
Katie Melua : On 30 September 2005, Melua came under criticism in "The Guardian" from writer and scientist Simon Singh for the lyrics (written by Mike Batt) of the track "Nine Million Bicycles".
Katie Melua : Then in March 2005, Melua sang "Too Much Love Will Kill You" with Brian May at the 46664 concert in George, South Africa for Nelson Mandela's HIV charity.
Katie Melua : Melua is occasionally referred to as an 'adrenaline junkie' because she enjoys roller coasters and funfairs and often paraglides and hang glides.
Katie Melua : A double A-side of the Melua-penned "I Cried for You" and a cover of The Cure's "Just Like Heaven" (1988), which is the theme song to the film "Just Like Heaven", was released in the UK on 5 December and peaked at number 35.
Katie Melua : A third single, "Spider's Web" was released on 17 April 2006 and peaked at number 52 in the UK.
Katie Melua : On 2 October 2006, Melua entered the "Guinness Book of Records" for playing the deepest underwater concert 303 metres below sea level on the Norwegian Statoil's Troll A platform in the North Sea.
Katie Melua : After completing her GCSEs at the all-girls' grammar school Nonsuch High School in Cheam, Sutton, Melua attended the BRIT School for the Performing Arts in the London Borough of Croydon, undertaking a BTEC with an A-level in music.
Alice Krige : The Kriges later moved to Port Elizabeth, where Alice grew up in what she has described as a "very happy family", with two brothers, one of whom became a physician and the other a Professor of Surgery.
Alice Krige : Alice Maud Krige ( ; born 28 June 1954) is a South African actress and producer.
Irina Rodnina : Her first marriage was to Alexander Zaitsev, with whom she has a son of the same name, born in 1979.
Kateryna Lagno : Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Lagno ( ; born 27 December 1989) is a Russian (formerly Ukrainian) chess grandmaster.
Kateryna Lagno : She is a twice European Women's Champion and won two team gold medals at the Women's Chess Olympiad, in 2006 and 2014, playing for Ukraine and Russia respectively.
Nadia Petrova : 3.
Nadia Petrova : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nadia Petrova : Nadezhda Viktorovna "Nadia" Petrova ( ; born 8 June 1982) is a Russian former professional tennis player.
Nadia Petrova : In March 2004, she hit the top ten at No.
Vera Zvonareva : Vera Igorevna Zvonareva (Russian: ; born 7 September 1984) is a Russian professional tennis player.
Lisa Randall : Randall's sister, Dana Randall, is a professor of computer science at Georgia Tech.
Lisa Randall : Randall wrote the libretto of the opera "Hypermusic Prologue: A Projective Opera in Seven Planes" on the invitation of the composer, Hèctor Parra, who was inspired by her book "Warped Passages".
Lisa Randall : Professor Randall was featured in "Seed" magazine's "2005 Year in Science Icons" and in "Newsweek"' s "Who's Next in 2006" as "one of the most promising theoretical physicists of her generation".
Yuu Watase : In 2019, Watase came out as X-gender, a Japanese non-binary gender identity.
Cyd Ho : She is a founding member of the Labour Party, since December 2011, and currently holds the position of vice-chairwoman.
Cyd Ho : In 1995, she worked as an assistant to Margaret Ng, a lawmaker representing the legal profession in Legco.
Ali Landry : They were engaged during the summer of 2003 and married on April 24, 2004, in a Roman Catholic ceremony in front of 50 guests at the exclusive Las Alamandas resort outside Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
Jessica Biel : Jessica Claire Timberlake (née Biel ; born March 3, 1982) is an American actress, model, producer, and singer.
Linda McMahon : Linda Marie McMahon (née Edwards, October 4, 1948) is an American political executive, former Trump administration official, and former professional wrestling executive and performer.
Natasha Lyonne : Lyonne was born in New York City, the daughter of Ivette Buchinger and Aaron Braunstein, a boxing promoter, race car driver and radio host, distantly related to cartoonist Al Jaffee.
Keiko Kitagawa : In 2016, Kitagawa married singer-songwriter Daigo.
Keiko Kitagawa : Kitagawa was born on August 22, 1986 in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Joanne Whalley : Whalley was born in Salford, Lancashire, but brought up in Stockport, Cheshire, where she attended Bredbury Comprehensive School, before leaving to study at Harrytown Convent Girls' School in Romiley and the Braeside School of Speech and Drama in Marple.
Lynda Carter : Lynda Jean Cordova Carter (born July 24, 1951) is an American actress, singer, songwriter, model, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss World USA 1972 and finished in the Top 15 at the Miss World 1972 pageant.
Tara Reid : Tara Donna Reid (born November 8, 1975) is an American actress.
Amy Acker : On April 25, 2003, Acker wed actor James Carpinello in California.
Amy Acker : She worked as a stage actress for several seasons, including a stint at American Players Theatre in Spring Green, Wisconsin.
Amy Acker : Acker was born and raised in Dallas, Texas, to a homemaker mother and a lawyer father.
Jill Hennessy : She attended Stanley Park Senior Public School and graduated from Grand River Collegiate Institute, both in Kitchener, Ontario, and used to busk in the Toronto subway.
Jill Hennessy : Their son Marco was born on September 17, 2003, and a second son, Gianni, was born on November 21, 2007.
Jill Hennessy : Hennessy is multi-lingual, speaking English, Italian, French, Spanish and German.
Jill Hennessy : Hennessy has Irish, French, Swedish and Italian ancestry on her father's side, and mostly Ukrainian Roma, as well as Austrian, ancestry on her mother's.
Jill Hennessy : Jillian Noel Hennessy (born November 25, 1968) is a Canadian actress and musician.
Jill Hennessy : She has a younger brother, John Paul "J.P." Hennessy, Jr., and an identical twin sister, Jacqueline, who is a magazine writer and TV show host in Canada.
Diane Kruger : Diane Kruger (née Heidkrüger; ] ; born 15 July 1976) is a German and American actress and former fashion model.
Diane Kruger : In November 2018, Kruger gave birth to their daughter, her first and his second child.
Diane Kruger : Kruger was born Diane Heidkrüger in Algermissen, West Germany, near Hildesheim, the daughter of computer specialist Hans-Heinrich Heidkrüger, and his wife, Maria-Theresa, a bank employee.
Kristy Swanson : In 2007, she became a spokesperson of the Medifast diet.
Kristy Swanson : On May 8, 2007, Swanson appeared in the "" episode "," playing a fictionalized variation on Anna Nicole Smith.
Kristy Swanson : In July 2009, she filmed "What If...", co-starring Kevin Sorbo and Debby Ryan, released on August 20, 2010.
Kristy Swanson : She appeared in and won the 2006 Fox television program "Skating with Celebrities", partnered with Lloyd Eisler.
Kristy Swanson : By 1990, Swanson had made many television appearances, including multiple appearances in "Knots Landing" (1987–1988), "Nightingales" (1989), her first starring role in a TV series, although it only lasted a season, and a short-lived Burt Reynolds television series called "B.L.
Laura Leighton : They have two children together: Jack and Lucy.
Laura Leighton : Laura Diane Leighton (born July 24, 1968) is an American actress.
Ming-Na Wen : On June 16, 1995, Wen married her second husband, Eric Michael Zee.
Quentin Bryce : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Quentin Bryce : Dame Quentin Alice Louise Bryce, (née Strachan; born 23 December 1942) is an Australian academic who served as the 25th Governor-General of Australia from 2008 to 2014.
Quentin Bryce : On the election of Bill Shorten as Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition in October 2013, Bryce offered her resignation to Prime Minister Tony Abbott, in order to forestall any perception of bias, given that Bryce's daughter Chloe is married to Shorten.
Quentin Bryce : This was followed by appointment to a number of positions, including the first Director of the Queensland Women's Information Service, the Queensland Director of the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission, and the Federal Sex Discrimination Commissioner in 1988.
Ashlee Simpson : She enrolled at the School of American Ballet in New York City when she was eleven, becoming the youngest person ever to be admitted into the school.
Heather Matarazzo : She was adopted and raised by the Matarazzos, a Catholic Italian American family.
Natasha Henstridge : She accused Harvey Weinstein of sexually harassing her.
Leslie Mann : In 2014, she narrated "Women in Comedy", an episode of season 2 of "".
Graça Machel : Machel received the 1995 Nansen Medal from the United Nations in recognition of her longstanding humanitarian work, particularly on behalf of refugee children.
Graça Machel : Graça Machel is a member of the Africa Progress Panel (APP), a group of ten distinguished individuals who advocate at the highest levels for equitable and sustainable development in Africa.
Graça Machel : Graça Machel {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} {'1': ", '2': 'HonFBA', '3': ", '4': "} (] ; née Simbine; pronounced ] , born 17 October 1945) is a Mozambican politician and humanitarian.
Mazie Hirono : Hirono served as a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1981 to 1995 and as Hawaii's ninth lieutenant governor from 1994 to 2002, under Ben Cayetano.
Mazie Hirono : Mazie Keiko Hirono ( ; Japanese name: 広野慶子 , ; born November 3, 1947) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Hawaii since 2013.
Eiko Kadono : After graduation in 1960 at the age of 25, she emigrated to Brazil where she spent two years.
Helen Fielding : Fielding studied English at St Anne's College, Oxford and was part of the Oxford revue at the 1978 Edinburgh Festival, forming a continuing friendship with a group of comic performers and writers including Richard Curtis and Rowan Atkinson.
Helen Fielding : Helen Fielding (born 19 February 1958) is an English novelist and screenwriter, best known as the creator of the fictional character Bridget Jones, and a sequence of novels and films beginning with the life of a thirty something singleton in London trying to make sense of life and love.
Kelly Rutherford : She gave birth to their first child, son Hermés Gustaf Daniel Giersch, in October 2006.
Joanne McCartney : Prior to her career in politics, McCartney worked as a barrister specialising in employment law and helped to establish a local Chambers in Enfield in the early 1990s.
Joanne McCartney : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miranda Cosgrove : She ultimately started attending USC in fall of 2012, to be able to continue acting and to stay near her family.
Theresa Villiers : Theresa Anne Villiers (born 5 March 1968) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs from 2019 to 2020.
Theresa Villiers : They are now divorced.
Theresa Villiers : They are now divorced.
Theresa Villiers : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kathy Brier : Brier was married in 2010 and she and her husband had a son in 2011.
Kathy Brier : Brier grew up in Staten Island, New York where she attended Moore Catholic High School before studying theatre and business at Wagner College, qualifying for a Bachelor of Science in arts administration.
Kathy Brier : From 2003 to 2004, Brier played the starring role of Tracy Turnblad in the Broadway production of "Hairspray", having previously been the standby for Tony Award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur for six months.
Kathy Brier : Kathy Brier (born March 10, 1975) is an American actress and singer, known for her work on ABC soap opera "One Life to Live" and the Broadway production of "Hairspray".
Kathy Brier : In 2010, Brier appeared on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire", episode 1.9 Belle Femme, and portrayed singer/actress, Sophie Tucker, a well-known vaudeville performer.
Stephanie Cheng : In 2016, she returned to her first manager Starz People and signed with HMV Music, citing differences between her and Chessman.
Anne Tyler : Anne Tyler (born October 25, 1941) is an American novelist, short story writer, and literary critic.
Anne Tyler : Although Tyler's short stories have been published in "The New Yorker", "The Saturday Evening Post", "Redbook", "McCall's", and "Harper's", they have not been published as a collection.
Anna Wintour : All complied.
Anna Wintour : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna Wintour : A former personal assistant, Lauren Weisberger, wrote the 2003 bestselling "roman à clef" "The Devil Wears Prada", later made into a successful 2006 film starring Meryl Streep as Miranda Priestly, a fashion editor, believed to be based on Wintour.
Harisu : Harisu and Jung divorced in 2017 after ten years of marriage.
Harisu : On November 29, 2002, Harisu filed a petition with the Incheon District Court to have her sex corrected on her family register, and that her birth name be changed from Lee Kyung-yeop to the more feminine Lee Kyung-eun.
Harisu : Lee Kyung-eun (born February 17, 1975), better known by her stage name Harisu (Hangul: 하리수; Hanja: 河莉秀), is a Korean pop singer, model, and actress.
Keiko Agena : Christine Keiko Agena (born October 3, 1973) is an American actress.
Dubravka Ugrešić : Dubravka Ugrešić (] ; born 27 March 1949) is a Yugoslav writer.
Dubravka Ugrešić : Her novel "Fording the Stream of Consciousness" received the NIN Award in 1988, the highest literary honor in former Yugoslavia, whose winners include Danilo Kiš and Milorad Pavić; Ugrešić was the first woman to be awarded the prize.
Sabine Dardenne : In October 1996, 350,000 people marched in Brussels to protest against police incompetence in the case.
Sabine Dardenne : During the trial, Dutroux claimed to be a minion of a continent-wide pedophile ring that included prominent individuals and the legal establishment in Belgium.
Sabine Dardenne : Dardenne's account of her abduction and its aftermath are documented in her memoir "J'avais douze ans, j'ai pris mon vélo et je suis partie à l'école" ("I was twelve years old, I took my bike and I left for school").
Sabine Dardenne : There were numerous problems, including arguments over jurisdiction, legal and procedural mistakes and charges of incompetence and evidence that disappeared.
Sabine Dardenne : The abduction of Delhez was Dutroux's undoing, since local witnesses in Delhez's hometown had spotted his car and at least one had written down his registration number, which police investigators traced to Dutroux.
Sabine Dardenne : Sabine Anne Renée Ghislaine Dardenne (born 28 October 1983) is a Belgian author.
Meg Whitman : Margaret Cushing Whitman (born August 4, 1956) is an American business executive, former political candidate, and philanthropist.
Isla Fisher : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Isla Fisher : After leaving the soap, Fisher enrolled at L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq, a theatre and arts training school in Paris, and went on to appear in pantomime in the United Kingdom.
Isla Fisher : Her mother and siblings live in Athens, Greece, while her father divides his time between Frankfurt, Germany and Nicaragua.
Isla Fisher : At age 18, with the help of her mother, she published two teen novels, "Bewitched" and "Seduced by Fame"; in a 2005 interview with "Sunday Mirror", Fisher admitted that had she not been successful as an actress she would probably have been a full-time writer.
Sean Young : Young had roles in two films, "The Man Who Came Back" and "Haunted Echoes" (both 2008).
Sean Young : In 1990, Young married Robert Lujan, with whom she has two sons.
Sean Young : In October 2013, Young played the role of Dr. Lucien in "", a fan project to create a pilot for a new "Star Trek" series (released in August 2015) where several former "Star Trek" actors appeared, including Tim Russ (who also directed the pilot) as well as Walter Koenig, Garrett Wang and J. G. Hertzler.
Sean Young : In June 2013, Young performed in a benefit skating event at the Ice Theater of New York.
Sean Young : In 2010, she was cast on the first season of the ABC series "Skating with the Stars" as a celebrity contestant who skated with professional skater Denis Petukhov, but she was the first celebrity to be eliminated.
Sean Young : In 2008, Young competed in the television program "Gone Country 2", which included a competition in a celebrity demolition derby at the Henry County Fairgrounds in Paris, Tennessee.
Sean Young : Young was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of Donald Young, Jr., a television producer and journalist, and Lee Guthrie (born Mary Lee Kane), a screenwriter, public relations executive, and journalist.
Sean Young : She was subsequently cast in a film about Nikola Tesla, slated for release in 2013, titled "Fragments From Olympus: The Vision of Nikola Tesla" (unreleased as of April 2021).
Sean Young : Young reprised her 1982 role of Rachael for "Blade Runner 2049" (2017), portraying both the original (using archival footage from the first film) and a brand new cloned version of the character.
Sean Young : In an unsuccessful attempt to win the role of Catwoman (which was originally offered to Annette Bening but, after Bening became pregnant, Michelle Pfeiffer was cast) in the sequel "Batman Returns" (1992), Young constructed a homemade Catwoman costume and attempted to contact Burton and actor Michael Keaton during production.
Bridget Moynahan : She has said that, during her childhood, she was a "tomboy".
Bridget Moynahan : Moynahan has two brothers, Andy and Sean.
Bridget Moynahan : Despite media reports that Moynahan and Brady had an acrimonious relationship, the two have maintained a cordial relationship since the birth of their son.
Bridget Moynahan : Moynahan lived with screenwriter Scott Rosenberg from 2001 to 2003.
Bridget Moynahan : On August 22, 2007, she gave birth to son John Edward Thomas (Jack) Moynahan.
Bridget Moynahan : She graduated from Longmeadow High School in Massachusetts in 1989, and began pursuing a career in modeling.
Bridget Moynahan : She is the daughter of Irish Americans Mary Bridget (née Moriarty), a former school teacher, and Edward Bradley Moynahan, a scientist and former administrator at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Bridget Moynahan : Kathryn Bridget Moynahan (born April 28, 1971) is an American actress and model.
Ms. Dynamite : In 2006, she was convicted of assaulting a police officer and was sentenced to 60 hours community service.
Ms. Dynamite : She was born Niomi Arleen Daley and raised in Kentish Town, North London to a Jamaican father and a Scottish mother.
Ms. Dynamite : Ms. Dynamite was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2018 Birthday Honours for services to music.
Ms. Dynamite : Interest grew from all major British labels and eventually she was signed via her management Bigga Beats to Polydor Records, where she met producer Salaam Remi, who cultivated her talent.
Ms. Dynamite : She is the recipient of the Mercury Music Prize, two Brit Awards and three MOBO Awards.
Ms. Dynamite : Ms. Dynamite (originally Lady Dynamite) was first known for her vocals on the UK garage underground track "Booo!
Ms. Dynamite : On 2 July 2005, she performed at the Live 8 concert in Hyde Park, London.
Ms. Dynamite : Since then she has been the featured vocalist on the DJ Fresh Versus Jay Fray track "Dibby Dibby Sound" (February 2013) and a David Guetta and Showtek song for the former's 2014 album "Listen", "No Money No Love" along with Elliphant.
Ms. Dynamite : Since then she has appeared on several collaborations, notably Katy B's second single, "Lights On", which peaked at number 4 in the UK Singles Chart in 2010, and the Magnetic Man track "Fire", which appeared on their debut album.
Anna Fotyga : Anna Elżbieta Fotyga (] ( ) ; ; born 12 January 1957 in Lębork) is a Polish politician who currently serves as a Member of the European Parliament, and is the Secretary-General of the European Conservatives and Reformists Party.
Tansu Çiller : She remained leader of the DYP until 2002; after its November 2002 election defeat, she retired from political life.
Tansu Çiller : Tansu Çiller (] ; born 24 May 1946) is a Turkish academic, economist, and politician who served as the 22nd Prime Minister of Turkey from 1993 to 1996.
Laura Prepon : Laura Helene Prepon (born March 7, 1980) is an American actress.
Anousheh Ansari : Her memoir, "My Dream of Stars", co-written with Homer Hickam, was published by Palgrave Macmillan in 2010.
Anousheh Ansari : In 2009, Ansari was featured in the documentary film "Space Tourists" by independent Swiss filmmaker Christian Frei about billionaires who paid to ride to the International Space Station aboard Russian spacecraft.
Anousheh Ansari : She served as the commencement speaker at and received an Honorary Doctorate of Science from Utah Valley University on April 25, 2013.
Anousheh Ansari : She received her Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering and computer science at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, and her master's degree at George Washington University in Washington D.C.
Anousheh Ansari : She has been active with several nonprofit organizations, including the nonprofit Iranian American Women Foundation organization.
Anousheh Ansari : Prodea is a privately held company formed by the Ansari family with development centers in both Richardson, Texas, and Silicon Valley.
Anousheh Ansari : At the insistence of the NASA and Russian officials, she did not wear the Iranian flag officially, but wore the Iranian flag colors instead and kept the Iranian flag on her official flight patch.
Anousheh Ansari : Ansari lifted off on the Soyuz TMA-9 mission with commander Mikhail Tyurin (RSA) and flight engineer Michael Lopez-Alegria (NASA) at 04:59 (UTC) on Monday September 18, 2006, from Baikonur, Kazakhstan.
Anousheh Ansari : Along with her brother-in-law, Amir Ansari, she made a multimillion-dollar contribution to the X PRIZE foundation on May 5, 2004, the 43rd anniversary of Alan Shepard's sub-orbital spaceflight.
Anousheh Ansari : On February 26, 2017, she and Firouz Naderi represented Iranian filmmaker Asghar Farhadi at the 89th Academy Awards and accepted the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for "The Salesman" on Farhadi's behalf.
Gillian Chung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tanya Roberts : Roberts was married to Barry Roberts from 1974 until his death in 2006.
Sadako Ogata : Ogata died on 22 October 2019 at the age of 92.
Sadako Ogata : Her mother was a daughter of Foreign Minister Kenkichi Yoshizawa and granddaughter of Prime Minister Inukai Tsuyoshi, who was assassinated when Ogata was four years old, due to his opposition to Japanese militarism, whose assassination marked the end of civilian control over the Japanese military until after World War II.
Sadako Ogata : In 1990, she was appointed as head of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
Lara Dutta : In September 2010, she got engaged to Indian tennis player, Mahesh Bhupathi.
Tata Young : Amita Marie "Tata" Young ( ; born 14 December 1980) is a Thai singer, actress and model of American descent who gained prominence in Thailand when she placed first in a national singing contest at age 11, subsequently signing a record deal and releasing her first album "Amita Tata Young" in 1995.
Rachel McAdams : McAdams was born in London, Ontario, Canada, to nurse Sandra ("née" Gale) and truck driver Lance McAdams.
Alyssa Milano : In a 2004 interview, Milano explained how she deals with her dyslexia: "I've stumbled over words while reading from teleprompters.
Alyssa Milano : She is of Italian descent and has a brother named Cory, who is a decade younger.
Alyssa Milano : Alyssa Jayne Milano (born December 19, 1972) is an American actress, producer, singer, author, and activist.
Summer Glau : After a broken toe ended her dancing career, Glau moved to Los Angeles in 2002 to pursue acting.
Summer Glau : Glau was born in San Antonio, Texas, where she grew up with her two younger sisters Kaitlin and Christie.
Summer Glau : Summer Lyn Glau ( ; born July 24, 1981) is an American actress best known for her roles in science fiction and fantasy television series; as River Tam in "Firefly" (2002) and its continuation film "Serenity" (2005), as Tess Doerner in "The 4400" (2005–2007), as Cameron in "" (2008–2009), as Bennett Halverson in "Dollhouse" (2009–2010), as Skylar Adams in "Alphas" (2011–2012) and as Isabel Rochev/Ravager in "Arrow" (2013–2014).
Summer Glau : Glau received a scholarship to a ballet company and was homeschooled from grades 3 to 12 to accommodate her ballet training.
Jaime King : Jaime King (born April 23, 1979) is an American actress and model.
Jaime King : Newman proposed in spring 2007, and the two married on November 23, 2007, in an "intimate and relaxed" ceremony in Los Angeles at Greystone Mansion, where Newman had proposed.
Aly Michalka : It serves as the lead single from their EP, planned to be released on July 14, 2017.
Nona Gaprindashvili : In 1978 Gaprindashvili became the first woman to be awarded the Grandmaster title by FIDE.
Nona Gaprindashvili : Nona Gaprindashvili (Georgian: ; born 3 May 1941) is a Georgian chess player, and the first woman to be awarded the FIDE title Grandmaster, which occurred in 1978.
Ai Orikasa : At the end of September 2011, it was announced that she had left Production Baobab, where she had belonged for many years since her debut, and moved to Axlone, Toshiyuki Morikawa's agency.
Ai Orikasa : The staff went to the restroom while thinking of her stage name, and came up with it.
Mercedes Ruehl : Mercedes J. Ruehl ( ; born February 28, 1948) is an American screen and stage actor.
Krisztina Egerszegi : At the 1996 Summer Olympics she won her first and only Olympic bronze medal in the 400 m medley and went on to win the 200 m backstroke becoming the second of only three swimmers in Olympic history (Dawn Fraser and Michael Phelps being the other two) to win gold for the same event at three successive Olympics (200 m backstroke: 1988, 1992, 1996).
Katherine Moennig : Moennig was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Broadway dancer Mary Zahn and violin-maker William H. Moennig III.
Katherine Moennig : She has played multiple lesbian roles: Shane McCutcheon in "The L Word"; Rosie's (Drew Barrymore) partner Jilly in "Everybody's Fine"; Candace, the lesbian lover of Sophia Myles' character, in "Art School Confidential"; and Lena, a press agent who works for Liev Schreiber's character, in "Ray Donovan".
Svetlana Boginskaya : Svetlana Leonidovna Boginskaya ( ; ; born February 9, 1973) is a former artistic gymnast for the Soviet Union and Belarus of Belarusian origin.
Jane Luu : Dr. Jane X. Luu (Vietnamese: Lưu Lệ Hằng; born July 1963) is a Vietnamese American astronomer and defense systems engineer.
Jane Luu : Luu was born in July 1963 in South Vietnam to a father who worked as a translator for the U.S. Army.
Jane Luu : In December 2004, Luu and Jewitt reported the discovery of crystalline water ice on Quaoar, which was at the time the largest known Kuiper Belt object.
Eri Kamei : In 2009, Kamei was put in the group Tanpopo as the fourth generation along with fellow Morning Musume member Aika Mitsui, Berryz Kobo member Yurina Kumai and Cute member Chisato Okai.
Maria Sharapova : 1.
Maria Sharapova : 131, her lowest year-end ranking since 2002.
Maria Sharapova : Following the retirement of 25-year-old Justine Henin in 2008, Sharapova said, "If I [were] 25, and I'd won so many Grand Slams, I'd quit too."
Maria Sharapova : Despite her powerful game, Sharapova's greatest asset is considered to be her mental toughness and competitive spirit, with Nick Bollettieri stating that she is "tough as nails".
Maria Sharapova : Two-time US Open singles champion Tracy Austin believes that Sharapova often loses confidence in the rest of her game when she experiences problems with her serve and consequently produces more unforced errors and generally plays more tentatively, while tennis writer Joel Drucker remarked that her serve was the "catalyst for her entire game", and that her struggles with it left her "unmasked."
Alsou : When Alsou was a year old her family moved from Bugulma to Siberia.
Alsou : Her father, Ralif Rafilovich Safin, who is of Bashkir descent, is an oligarch, a former LUKoil executive and a current member of the Federal Council, the upper chamber of the Russian parliament.
Caitlyn Jenner : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Keiko Han : She is most known for the roles of Lalah Sune ("Mobile Suit Gundam"), Saori Kido ("Saint Seiya"), and Luna and Queen Beryl ("Sailor Moon").
Megumi Ogata : Because of her husky voice, she is often typecast as either young men and boys or tomboyish females (a famous example of this being Sailor Uranus, a popular character from "Sailor Moon", known for being a charming tomboy in her civilian form).
Michie Tomizawa : Both songs are in English.
Michie Tomizawa : She is most known for the roles of Matsuzaka-Sensei ("Crayon Shin-chan"), Manami Kasuga ("Kimagure Orange Road"), Linna Yamazaki ("Bubblegum Crisis"), Rei Hino / Sailor Mars ("Sailor Moon"), Sumire Kanzaki ("Sakura Wars"), and Emi Ogasawara ("Ghost Sweeper Mikami").
Brenda Blethyn : Brenda Anne Blethyn {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ("née" Bottle; 20 February 1946) is an English actress.
Gabriela Sabatini : Sabatini represented Argentina in the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul and was selected to carry her country's flag in the opening ceremony.
Conchita Martínez : It was her last singles title, bringing her career total to 33 top-level singles titles, 9 of which were Tier I events, and 13 doubles titles.
Conchita Martínez : Nicknamed Senorita Topspin, Martínez was a patient, right-handed baseline player who won matches by disrupting her opponents' rhythm through changes of spin, pace, depth, height, and angle.
Conchita Martínez : Martínez also was the singles runner-up at the 1998 Australian Open and the 2000 French Open.
Siri Hustvedt : Her books include: "The Blindfold" (1992), "The Enchantment of Lily Dahl" (1996), "What I Loved" (2003), for which she is best known, "A Plea for Eros" (2006), "The Sorrows of an American" (2008), "The Shaking Woman or A History of My Nerves" (2010), "The Summer Without Men" (2011), "Living, Thinking, Looking" (2012), "The Blazing World" (2014), and "Memories of the Future" (2019).
Siri Hustvedt : Hustvedt met her husband, writer Paul Auster, in 1981, and they married the following year.
Siri Hustvedt : Siri Hustvedt (born February 19, 1955) is an American novelist and essayist.
Idina Menzel : She was friends with actor Adam Pascal before they worked together in "Rent".
Idina Menzel : During her run, she was the highest-paid female performer in the West End at $30,000 per week.
Idina Menzel : In 2017, during an interview with Irish New York–based songwriter Jimmy Walsh, he revealed that, in 1992, Menzel recorded a demo for him of the song "In Your Eyes", which went on to win the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 for Irish singer Niamh Kavanagh.
Idina Menzel : Menzel played the role of Florence in the 21st-anniversary concert of the musical "Chess" at the Royal Albert Hall, London, from May 12 to 13, 2008, alongside Kerry Ellis, Adam Pascal, and Josh Groban.
Mamiko Noto : Some of Noto's prominent anime roles include Kotomi Ichinose in "Clannad", Rin in "Inuyasha", Kotori Monou in "X", Aoi Kannazuki in "Kaitō Tenshi Twin Angel", Enma Ai in "Hell Girl", Haruka Nogizaka in "Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu", Mavis Vermillion in "Fairy Tail", Sawako Kuronuma in "Kimi ni Todoke", and Satellizer L. Bridget in "Freezing", and Yukako Yamagishi in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure".
Mayumi Iizuka : In mid-August 2010, she attended the 2010 Shenyang 2nd Anime and Computer Game Expo in Shenyang, China, and gave a small live performance and a speech in Chinese.
Mayumi Iizuka : Her well-known roles as a voice actress include Kasumi in the "Pokémon" series, Tron Bonne in the "Mega Man Legends" series and Claiomh Everlasting in the "Sorcerous Stabber Orphen" series.
Hayley Mills : Hayley Catherine Rose Vivien Mills (born 18 April 1946) is an English actress.
Hanna Suchocka : She served as the Prime Minister of Poland between 8 July 1992 and 26 October 1993 under the presidency of Lech Wałęsa.
Hanna Suchocka : Hanna Suchocka (] ( ) ; born 3 April 1946) is a Polish political figure, lawyer, professor at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and Chair of the Constitutional Law Department, former First Vice-President and Honorary President of the Venice Commission.
Jane March : Her father, Bernard Horwood, a design and technology secondary school teacher of English and Spanish ancestry.
Jane March : At age 14, whilst still attending Nower Hill High School in Pinner, north London, March won a local "Become a Model" contest.
Jane March : Jane March Horwood (born 20 March 1973) is an English film actress and former model.
Ryoka Yuzuki : She changed her name as Ayumi Nagashii, but she reverted it on November 1, 1998.
Yuki Matsuoka : Her notable roles include Ayumu "Osaka" Kasuga in "Azumanga Daioh", Orihime Inoue in "Bleach", Tsuruya in "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya", and Alisa Bosconovitch in "Tekken".
Miriam Margolyes : She became an Australian citizen in 2013.
Miriam Margolyes : Her earliest roles were in theatre; after several supporting roles in film and television, she won a BAFTA Award for her role in Martin Scorsese's "The Age of Innocence" (1993) and was cast in the role of Professor Sprout in the "Harry Potter" film series.
Miina Tominaga : Tominaga is best known for her roles in "Sazae-san" (as Katsuo Isono), "Persia, the Magic Fairy" (as Persia Hayami), "Patlabor" (as Noa Izumi), "Maison Ikkoku" (as Kozue Nanao), "Rurouni Kenshin" (as Myōjin Yahiko), "Hell Teacher Nūbē" (as Miki Hosokawa), DNA² (as Karin Aoi) and "Bikkuriman 2000" (as Takeru).
Kristine DeBell : Kristine DeBell (born December 10, 1954) is an American film actress.
Kristine DeBell : Born in Chatham, New York, DeBell began her career as a fashion model with Ford Models.
Stefka Kostadinova : In 1999 she divorced her long-standing husband and coach, Nikolay Petrov.
Kenji Nojima : [[Category:20th-century Japanese male actors]]
Priyanka Chopra : Among the schools she attended were La Martiniere Girls' School in Lucknow and St. Maria Goretti College in Bareilly.
Priyanka Chopra : Priyanka Chopra Jonas (] ; born 18 July 1982) is an Indian actress, singer, and film producer.
Daniela Mercury : In 2000, Mercury released her fifth studio album, "Sol da Liberdade", through BMG.
Daniela Mercury : At late 2005, Mercury, a devout Catholic, was uninvited from a Christmas concert in the Vatican City due to her endorsement of a Ministry of Health campaign encouraging young people to use condoms.
Daniela Mercury : The album sold over 2.5 million copies in Brazil alone (which made Mercury the first artist to receive a double-diamond certification in her country) and was considered by journalist André Domingues one of the best MPB albums ever.
Daniela Mercury : Daniela Mercury (born Daniela Mercuri de Almeida on July 28, 1965) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, dancer, producer, actress and television host.
Yoshiko Sakakibara : In 1981, she made her voice actor debut as Flore in "Six God Combination Godmars".
Yoshiko Sakakibara : She also narrates many news programs, especially as a main narrator for TV Asahi News Station for over 10 years.
Yoshiko Sakakibara : She has been interested in theatrical performance since elementary school, and after gaining experience in the theater club in the middle and high school era, she majored in the theater department.
Mitsuko Uchida : She is also a founding trustee of the Borletti-Buitoni Trust, an organisation established to help young artists develop and sustain international careers.
Sirikit : At age four, Sirikit attended the Kindergarten College at Rajini School (sometimes called the Queen's College), where she studied at the primary level.
Jennifer Rush : Jennifer Rush (born Heidi Stern; September 28, 1960) is an American singer and songwriter.
Rona Ambrose : Ambrose attended the November 2006 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Nairobi, Kenya.
Rona Ambrose : 17 on the Western Standard's "Liberty 100" top Canadian "pro-freedom activists, journalists, think-tankers and partisans".
Rona Ambrose : Ambrose stated, "The fight against ISIS (ISIL) requires a strong humanitarian response, but also a military response ...
Rona Ambrose : A few weeks before Ambrose was shuffled out from the environment portfolio, she told a parliamentary committee that Canada had paid its debts under the Kyoto Protocol only to have an Environment Canada official point out that the bill was still unpaid.
Rona Ambrose : When asked why the testing has not been done when people are taking medical marijuana every day, she responded, "It is not my job as Minister.
Rona Ambrose : Ambrose was first elected as a Member of Parliament in the 2004 federal election for the newly created riding of Edmonton-Spruce Grove in west Edmonton.
Rona Ambrose : In August 2006 she stated, "I welcome the commitment from British Columbia to preserve and increase the population of Northern Spotted Owls ...
Rona Ambrose : from its previous limitation to dried leaves, arguing "Marijuana has never gone through the regulatory approval process at Health Canada, which requires rigorous safety reviews and clinical trials with scientific evidence".
Rona Ambrose : On April 9, 2010, Ambrose was also named Minister responsible for the Status of Women after Helena Guergis was dismissed from Cabinet.
Rona Ambrose : In July 2013, Stephen Harper appointed Rona Ambrose as Minister of Health and kept her as Minister of Western Economic Diversification.
Rona Ambrose : On February 16, 2005, she made headlines after making a remark in Parliament directed at Liberal Social Development Minister Ken Dryden saying "working women want to make their own choices, we don't need old white guys telling us what to do", in reference to the Liberal national child care plan.
Rona Ambrose : On April 25, 2006, Ambrose expressed her support of the (now defunct) Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate as an alternate to the Kyoto Protocol, because it includes China and India, two large polluting nations that are not bound by the latter agreement.
Rona Ambrose : In May 2006, Ambrose criticized the previous Liberal government's failure to meet the high targets that they had negotiated at Kyoto, saying, "We would have to pull every truck and car off the street, shut down every train and ground every plane to reach the Kyoto target the Liberals negotiated for Canada."
Rona Ambrose : Ronalee Chapchuk "Rona" Ambrose {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born March 15, 1969) is a Canadian former politician who was interim leader of the Conservative Party and the Leader of the Opposition between 2015 and 2017.
Rona Ambrose : In June 2006, opposition discontent over Ambrose's actions as environment minister prompted the NDP and the Bloc Québécois to try to table a motion in the Commons environmental committee calling for her resignation.
Rona Ambrose : As part of the January 4, 2007 cabinet shuffle, Ambrose was replaced as Environment Minister by John Baird and became Minister of Western Economic Diversification, Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs and President of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.
Rona Ambrose : On April 13, 2006, Ambrose stopped an Environment Canada scientist, Mark Tushingham, from speaking at the launch of his science fiction novel, "Hotter than Hell," set in a dystopian future caused by global warming.
Rona Ambrose : Ambrose also served as vice-chair of the Treasury Board and has held multiple cabinet positions as Canada's Minister of Health, Minister of the Environment, Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs, Minister of Western Economic Diversification, Minister of Labour, Minister of Public Works and Government Services, and Minister of Status of Women.
Jeanette Biedermann : One month later after the competition she continued becoming an actress when she appeared on the German soap opera "Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten", where she played the role of Marie Balzer from 1999-2004.
Jeanette Biedermann : Lending her musical knowledge to others, Biedermann served as a member of the judging panel of reality television competition series such as "Star Search" and "Stars auf Ice" in 2003 and 2006, respectively.
Liu Di : Two other "cyber-dissidents", Wu Yiran, and Li Yibin, were also freed from a jail for political detainees.
Anne-Sophie Mutter : Anne-Sophie Mutter (born 29 June 1963) is a German violinist.
Anne-Sophie Mutter : Inspired by a recording of violinist Yehudi Menuhin and Wilhelm Furtwängler, she began studying with Erna Honigberger, a pupil of Carl Flesch.
Anne-Sophie Mutter : At 15, Mutter made her first recording of the Mozart Third and Fifth violin concerti with Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic.
Anne-Sophie Mutter : In 1977, she performed at the Salzburg Festival and with the English Chamber Orchestra conducted by Daniel Barenboim.
Stella McCartney : In July 2011, McCartney participated at the catwalk of The Brandery fashion show in Barcelona.
Stella McCartney : At the age of 13, she designed her first jacket.
Stella McCartney : In January 2007, she launched a 100% organic skincare line, CARE, which includes seven products, from a cleansing milk made with lemon balm and apricot, to green tea and linden blossom floral water.
Stella McCartney : McCartney launched a joint-venture line with Adidas, establishing a long-term partnership with the corporation in September 2004.
Stella McCartney : Three years later, she interned for Christian Lacroix, working on her first haute couture collection, honing her skills working for Edward Sexton (her father's Savile Row tailor) for a number of years.
Stella McCartney : In December 2018, McCartney announced the launch of a new fashion industry charter for climate action, in collaboration with the United Nations, to help fashion companies welcome sustainable business practices.
Stella McCartney : In August 2019, American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift teamed up with McCartney to release a fashion line inspired by Swift's seventh studio album "Lover", the project carrying the title "Stella X Taylor Swift".
Stella McCartney : Stella Nina McCartney (born 13 September 1971) is an English fashion designer.
Stella McCartney : In July of the same year, together with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) and eco-designer Atom cianfarani, McCartney worked to petition the British Ministry of Defence to cease the use of Canadian Black Bears as the fur for their guards' hats; the military is yet to make the change.
Helen Caldicott : She taught paediatrics at the Harvard Medical School from 1977 to 1980.
Jennifer Tilly : In 1983, Tilly had small roles and had a recurring guest role on "Hill Street Blues" as Gina Srignoli, a mobster's widow who becomes romantically involved with detective Henry Goldblume.
Alex Borstein : Borstein spent her childhood in Deerfield, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, before moving with her family to Northridge, California, a neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Alex Borstein : Borstein also had lead roles as various characters on the sketch comedy series "MADtv" (1997–2009), as well as Dawn Forchette in the medical comedy series "Getting On" (2013–2015).
Mary Cheney : In July 2003, she became the Director of Vice Presidential Operations for the Bush-Cheney 2004 Presidential re-election campaign.
Mary Cheney : In 1993, she became one of the first employees of the Colorado Rockies baseball team, working in promotions when the team began playing in Denver; thereafter, she was a public relations manager for the Coors Brewing Company, and worked as a gay outreach coordinator, helping to end a national gay boycott of Coors.
Mary Cheney : Mary Claire Cheney ( ; born March 14, 1969) is the younger daughter of Dick Cheney, the former vice president of the United States, and his wife, Lynne Cheney.
Brenda Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond : ".
Brenda Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Brenda Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond : Brenda Marjorie Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 31 January 1945) is a British judge who served as President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom from 2017 until her retirement in 2020, and serves as a member of the House of Lords as a Lord Temporal.
Christy Turlington : She represented Calvin Klein's Eternity campaign in 1989 and again in 2014, and also represents Maybelline.
Christy Turlington : Christy Nicole Turlington Burns (born January 2, 1969) is an American supermodel, charity-founder and campaigner, and filmmaker.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali : After gaining her degree, Hirsi Ali became a Fellow at the Wiardi Beckman Stichting (WBS), a think tank of the center-left Labour Party (PvdA).
Ayaan Hirsi Ali : She said that the Dutch welfare state had overlooked abuse of Muslim women and girls in the Netherlands and their social needs, contributing to their isolation and oppression.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali : Hirsi Ali's father had studied abroad and was opposed to female genital mutilation, but while he was imprisoned, Hirsi Ali's grandmother had a man perform the procedure on her, when Hirsi Ali was five years old.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali : Between 1995 and 2001, Hirsi Ali also worked as an independent Somali-Dutch interpreter and translator, frequently working with Somali women in asylum centers, hostels for abused women, and at the Dutch immigration and naturalization service (IND, Immigratie- en Naturalisatiedienst).
Ayaan Hirsi Ali : Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( ; ] ( ) ; Somali: "Ayaan Xirsi Cali":" Ayān Ḥirsī 'Alī;" born Ayaan Hirsi Magan, 13 November 1969) is a Somali-born Dutch-American activist, feminist, author, scholar and former politician.
Bryce Dallas Howard : Bryce Dallas Howard (born March 2, 1981) is an American actress and director.
Bryce Dallas Howard : After attending Greenwich Country Day School until 1996 and then graduating from Byram Hills High School in 1999, Howard studied at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts for three years, taking classes at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting, the Experimental Theatre Wing, and the International Theatre Workshop in Amsterdam.
Paulina Porizkova : The couple have two sons, Jonathan Raven Ocasek (b.
Paulina Porizkova : On 23 August 1989, Porizkova married Ric Ocasek, lead singer of the rock band The Cars.
Neha Dhupia : She started dating actor Angad Bedi and the couple decided to get married in a private ceremony at a Gurudwara on 10 May 2018.
Neha Dhupia : Neha Dhupia (born 27 August 1980) is an Indian actress and model who works in Hindi, Punjabi, Telugu, Malayalam and Japanese films.
Helen Sharman : For her Project Juno accomplishments, Sharman received a star on the Sheffield Walk of Fame.
Helen Sharman : Sharman was selected in a process that gave weight to scientific, educational and aerospace backgrounds as well as the ability to learn a foreign language.
Helen Sharman : Sharman has not returned to space, although she was one of three British candidates in the 1992 European Space Agency astronaut selection process and was on the shortlist of 25 applicants in 1998.
Helen Sharman : With a view towards the flight's impact on international relations, the project proceeded under Soviet expense although as a cost-saving measure, less expensive experiments were substituted for those in the original plans.
Helen Sharman : Sharman was 27 years and 11 months old when she went into space, making her (as of 2017 ) the sixth youngest of the 556 individuals who have flown in space.
Helen Sharman : After responding to a radio advertisement asking for applicants to be the first British space explorer, Helen Sharman was selected for the mission live on ITV, on 25 November 1989, ahead of nearly 13,000 other applicants.
Helen Sharman : After studying at Jordanthorpe Comprehensive, she obtained a BSUTc degree in chemistry at the University of Sheffield in 1984 and a PhD degree from Birkbeck, University of London in 1987.
Helen Sharman : Helen Patricia Sharman, CMG, OBE, HonFRSC (born 30 May 1963) is a chemist who became the first British astronaut and first Western European woman in space (and in particular, the first British cosmonaut) as well as the first woman to visit the "Mir" space station in May 1991.
Kaley Cuoco : As a child, Cuoco was a regionally ranked amateur tennis player, a sport she took up when she was 3 years old.
Kaley Cuoco : In October 2011, she became engaged to addiction specialist Josh Resnik, but ended their engagement by March 2012.
Kaley Cuoco : She played a minor role in the "Prison Break" episodes "The Message" and "Chicago", as well as starring in the comedy horror spoof "Killer Movie" in 2008.
Kari Wuhrer : Later mainstream film roles include "Berserker" (2001) and "Eight Legged Freaks" (2002).
Kari Wuhrer : Wuhrer is also known by gamers for her role as Agent Tanya in cutscenes of Westwood Studios' RTS video game "" and its subsequent expansion pack, "".
Kari Wuhrer : From February 3, 2005 through November 2005, Wuhrer joined the cast of the daytime soap opera "General Hospital" as FBI Agent Reese Marshall, the former love interest of mobster Sonny Corinthos and former best friend/rival of Carly Corinthos.
Kari Wuhrer : In 1995, she also had a supporting role in the John Singleton film "Higher Learning", followed by "Thinner" (1996), "Anaconda" (1997), and "Kissing a Fool" (1998).
Kari Wuhrer : Wuhrer returned to television in 1997 on the series "Sliders" as Maggie Beckett, joining the cast as a regular and staying until the series ended in 2000.
Tatyana Lebedeva : In September 2002, Lebedeva and her husband Nikolay Matveev had their first daughter, Anastasiya.
Patsy Kensit : In 1985, Kensit pursued a dual career as a singer and an actress.
Patsy Kensit : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Patsy Kensit : They reconciled and married on 18 April 2009, in an event covered by a magazine, but it was reported in February 2010 that the couple had separated.
Patsy Kensit : She also appeared as Estella in the 1981 BBC adaptation of "Great Expectations" and as Lady Margaret Plantagenet in the 1982 BBC Television Shakespeare production of "Richard III".
Patsy Kensit : Her next film role was two years later in "The Great Gatsby", in which she acted with Mia Farrow—whom she later portrayed in the 1995 biopic "Love and Betrayal: The Mia Farrow Story".
Sophie Calle : In 2017 she was shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize for her publication "My All" (Actes Sud, 2016).
Sophie Calle : Angelique Chrisafis, writing in "The Guardian", called her "the Marcel Duchamp of emotional dirty laundry".
Sophie Calle : Christine Macel described Calle's work as a rejection of the Poststructuralist notion of the "death of the author" by working as a "first-person artist" who incorporates her life into her works and, in a way, redefines the idea of the author.
Sophie Calle : Since 2005 Calle has taught as a professor of film and photography at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland.
Sophie Calle : Exhibitions of Calle's work took place at the Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris; Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg, Russia; Musée d'Art et d'Histoire du Judaïsme, Paris; Paula Cooper Gallery, New York; Palais des Beaux-Arts, Brussels, Belgium; Videobrasil, SESC Pompeia, São Paulo, Brazil; Museum of Modern Art of Bahia, Salvador, Brazil; Whitechapel Gallery, London; and the De Pont Museum of Contemporary Art, Tilburg, Netherlands.
Jennifer Esposito : They married on November 16, 2014 in New York City.
Jennifer Esposito : Esposito married actor Bradley Cooper on December 30, 2006.
Jennifer Esposito : She is of Italian descent, and was raised on Staten Island and is a graduate of Moore Catholic High School.
Jennifer Esposito : Jennifer Esposito (born April 11, 1973) is an American actress and author.
Yelena Isinbayeva : In December 2016, Isinbayeva became the chair of the supervisory board of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency.
Yelena Isinbayeva : She won another gold medal in 2001, this time at the European Junior Championships with a winning height of 4.40 m.
Yelena Isinbayeva : On 25 July in Birmingham, England, Isinbayeva reclaimed the record jumping 4.89 m and five days later in Crystal Palace, London, added a further centimetre to the record.
Suvanant Punnakant : Suvanant Kongying ( ; ; born 22 July 1978 in Bangkok) also known by her nickname Kob ( ; ), is a Thai actress.
Suvanant Punnakant : Her father, Amnuay Kongying (d. November 2001), was a teacher, and her mother, Ubonrat Kongying, works at the ministry of Agriculture and Cooperative.
Suvanant Punnakant : Her first performance in a traditional Thai folklore drama won her widespread popularity and her first major acting award, to which she has since added many.
Eva LaRue : In 1985, she graduated from Norco High School.
Eva LaRue : She married fellow "All My Children" co-star John Callahan in November 1996 but the couple would divorce in 2005.
Eva LaRue : LaRue was married to actor John O'Hurley for two years until 1994.
Eva LaRue : It was revealed in the end of season four that Eva's character, Natalia Boa Vista, was the mole in the lab reporting back to the FBI.
Eva LaRue : She is of Puerto Rican, French, Dutch, and Scottish ancestry.
Eva LaRue : She received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination in the category of "Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series" for "All My Children".
Eva LaRue : She was No.
Christine Gregoire : After graduating from Auburn Senior High School, she attended the University of Washington in Seattle, graduating in 1969 with a Bachelor of Arts in speech and sociology.
Colleen Atwood : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Colleen Atwood : Colleen Atwood (born September 25, 1948) is an American costume designer.
Colleen Atwood : Born in Yakima, Washington, she studied painting at Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle, Washington in the early 1970s, and later worked in retail at various places, including the Yves St. Laurent boutique at Frederick & Nelson department store in the city.
Colleen Atwood : Her movie career started after a chance encounter with someone whose mother was designing the sets for the film "Ragtime", and she got the job of a PA (production assistant) in the film.
Colleen Atwood : She was the lead costume designer for all the new costumes created for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus in 2005–2006.
Colleen Atwood : Atwood has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design twelve times, winning four times - for the films "Chicago" (2002), "Memoirs of a Geisha" (2005), "Alice in Wonderland" (2010), and "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016); the latter is the first Wizarding World film to win an Academy Award.
Roselyn Sánchez : Sánchez is the spokesperson of the "Fundación de Niños San Jorge", which assists sick children from poor families.
Roselyn Sánchez : Roselyn Milagros Sánchez Rodríguez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer/songwriter, dancer, model, actress, producer and writer.
Roselyn Sánchez : Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Fiona Ma : Ma earned a bachelor's degree in accounting from Rochester Institute of Technology, a master's degree in taxation from Golden Gate University, and a Master of Business Administration from Pepperdine University.
Fiona Ma : Her grandfather, Lieutenant General Ma Zhen, was the first mayor of Kunming, Yunnan.
Fiona Ma : Fiona Ma (born March 4, 1966) is an American politician and Certified Public Accountant who has been serving as the California State Treasurer since January 7, 2019.
Alice Walton : Alice Louise Walton (born October 7, 1949) is an American heiress to the fortune of Walmart.
Keri Hulme : Her novel, "The Bone People", won the Man Booker Prize in 1985.
Shere Hite : Hite taught at Nihon University (Tokyo, Japan), Chongqing University in China, and Maimonides University, North Miami Beach, Florida, USA.
Shere Hite : In 1985, Hite married German concert pianist , who was 19 years her junior.
Shere Hite : Shere Hite ( ; November 2, 1942 – September 9, 2020) was an American and later German sex educator and feminist.
Shere Hite : One discussion of sampling bias is by Philip Zimbardo, who explained that women in Hite's study were given a survey about marriage satisfaction, where 98% reported dissatisfaction, and 75% reported having had extra-marital affairs, but where only 4% of women given the survey responded.
Tammin Sursok : On 24 August 2011, Sursok married her boyfriend, actor, producer, and director Sean McEwen, in Florence, Italy.
Tammin Sursok : Sursok was educated at Ravenswood School for Girls, in Gordon, Sydney, studying speech and drama in her final years of school.
Sharon Leal : Their son Kai Miles Land was born in September 2001.
Sharon Leal : Her mother, Angelita, is Filipina.
Libby Trickett : Lisbeth Constance "Libby" Trickett, OAM (née Lenton ; born 28 January 1985) is a retired Australian swimmer.
Natasha Bedingfield : Natasha Anne Bedingfield (born 26 November 1981) is a British singer and songwriter.
Natasha Bedingfield : Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, Bedingfield composed and recorded songs for the Hillsong London Church.
Cătălina Ponor : She contributed scores of 14.933 on vault, 15.166 on balance beam, and 14.633 on floor towards the Romanian team's fourth-place finish and individually she placed seventh in the balance beam final with a score of 14.241.
Princess Lalla Salma of Morocco : Her parents were Hadj Abdelhamid Bennani, a schoolteacher, and Naïma Bensouda, who died in 1981, when Salma was three years old; from then on she and her sister Meryem were raised by her maternal grandmother, Hajja Fatma Abdellaoui Maâne.
Princess Lalla Salma of Morocco : Salma married King Mohammed VI on 12 October 2001 (the sadaq or proclamation of marriage) and on 21 March 2002 (the zafaf or celebration of marriage), at the Rabat Royal Palace, Rabat.
Nadja Auermann : Nadja Auermann (born 19 March 1971) is a German supermodel and actress.
Svetlana Khorkina : Khorkina is often regarded as one of the most successful female gymnasts of all time.
Petya Nedelcheva : Petya Nedelcheva ( ) (born July 30, 1983) is a Bulgarian badminton player.
Gail Emms : She and Nathan Robertson reached the semifinals of 1994 World Junior Badminton Championships held in Kuala Lumpur.
Gail Emms : In the quarterfinals, Emms and Robertson beat Chen Qiqiu and Zhao Tingting of China 15–8, 17–15 to advance to the semifinals.
Hedy Fry : After the 2004 election, she was named Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration and the Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development with special emphasis on the Internationally Trained Workers Initiative.
Hedy Fry : She was president of the Vancouver Medical Association in 1988–89, the BC Medical Association in 1990–91, and chaired the Canadian Medical Association's Multiculturalism Committee in 1992–9.
Hedy Fry : After declining an English Literature scholarship to Oxford, Fry earned her equivalent of a BA in Science in one year and then went on to receive her medical training at the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, Ireland.
Hedy Fry : Hedy Madeleine Fry, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born August 6, 1941) is a Trinidadian-Canadian politician and physician who is currently the longest-serving female Member of Parliament, winning nine consecutive elections in the constituency of Vancouver Centre including the 1993 election, when she defeated incumbent Prime Minister Kim Campbell.
Sara Evans : Sara Lynn Evans ( ; born February 5, 1971) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
Anna Meares : Anna Maree Devenish Meares {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 21 September 1983) is an Australian retired track cyclist.
Anna Meares : On 9 December 2016, Meares received the Key to the City of Rockhampton.
Kirsty Coventry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kirsty Coventry : In 2000, while still in high school, Coventry became the first Zimbabwean swimmer to reach the semifinals at the Olympics and was named Zimbabwe's Sports Woman of the Year.
Kirsty Coventry : Kirsty Leigh Coventry Seward (born 16 September 1983) is the current Minister of Youth, Sport, Arts and Recreation in the Cabinet of Zimbabwe as of September 2018.
Natasha Zvereva : She was the first major athlete in the Soviet Union to demand publicly that she should be able to keep her tournament earnings.
Natasha Zvereva : After turning pro, Zvereva won four WTA Tour singles titles and 80 WTA Tour doubles titles, 18 of them in Grand Slam tournaments: five at Wimbledon, four at the US Open, five at the French Open, and four at the Australian Open.
Zhang Juanjuan : Zhang Juanjuan (; born January 2, 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong, People's Republic of China) is an archer from the People's Republic of China.
Amy Poehler : ", "Inside Out" and the series "The Mighty B!
Amy Poehler : In 2011, Poehler was included on "Time"' s "100 most influential people in the world".
Amy Poehler : Amy Poehler ( ; born September 16, 1971) is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and director.
Amy Poehler : In the summer of 2000, Comedy Central canceled the Upright Citizens Brigade program after its third season, although the UCB Theatre continued to operate.
Gisele Bündchen : By 2014, Bündchen was listed by "Forbes" as the 89th most powerful woman in the world.
Gisele Bündchen : Born to Vânia (née Nonnenmacher), a bank clerk pensioner, and Valdir Bündchen, a sociologist and writer, in Horizontina, Rio Grande do Sul, Southern Brazil, she grew up with five sisters, Raquel, Graziela, Gabriela, Rafaela and her fraternal twin, Patrícia.
Lao Lishi : Lao Lishi (; born December 12, 1987 in Zhanjiang, Guangdong) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China.
Charmaine Reid : Charmaine Reid (born November 3, 1973 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a badminton player from Canada.
Ling Wan Ting : Ling Wan Ting (; Jyutping: ling jyun ting; born 24 November 1980) is a badminton player from Hong Kong.
Michelle Claire Edwards : Michelle Claire Edwards (born 11 July 1974) is a female badminton player from South Africa.
Kanako Yonekura : She played badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics, losing to Camilla Martin of Denmark in the round of 32.
Juliane Schenk : Juliane Schenk (born 26 November 1982 in Krefeld) is a badminton player from Germany.
Juliane Schenk : She narrowly lost her first round match against Indonesian Maria Kristin Yulianti who later won the bronze medal.
Tine Baun : Rasmussen married Martin Baun, her physiotherapist, in May 2010.
Pi Hongyan : Pi Hongyan (; born 25 January 1979) is a badminton player competing for France of Chinese origin.
Anu Nieminen : Anu Kristiina Nieminen (born 16 December 1977; née Weckström) is a Finnish badminton player.
Anu Nieminen : In 2006, she signed with the Finnish cosmetics company Lumene, along with her husband, professional tennis player Jarkko Nieminen.
Anu Nieminen : In 2004 Olympics, she defeated in the round of 32 to Kaori Mori of Japan.
Anu Nieminen : In 2012 Olympics, she won her first match against Victoria Montero of Mexico, but lose a match to Tai Tzu-ying of Chinese Taipei, she did not advance beyond the group stages.
Salakjit Ponsana : Salakjit Ponsana ( ; , born 14 February 1984 (age 33) is a badminton player from Thailand.
Camilla Martin : Camilla Martin Nygaard (née Martin; born 23 March 1974) is a retired badminton player from Denmark.
Seo Yoon-hee : Seo Yoon-hee (Korean:  ; born 10 November 1984) is a badminton player from South Korea.
Yao Jie : In January 2009 Yao Jie married Dutch player Eric Pang.
Tracey Hallam : Tracey Jayne Hallam (born 24 March 1975) is a former English badminton player.
Tracey Hallam : She participated in the 2008 Beijing Olympics in the Women's singles event but she was knocked out in the third round by Xu Huaiwen of Germany (21-10, 21-7).
Gong Ruina : On the other hand, Gong was beaten by Zhou in the final of the Asian Games (2002), and was denied a bronze medal by her at the 2004 Athens Olympics after each had been beaten in the semifinals.
Gong Ruina : Gong Ruina (; born 23January 1981) is a badminton player from the People's Republic of China.
Mia Audina : Mia Audina Tjiptawan (born 22 August 1979) is a former Indonesian badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the Netherlands in international competitions.
Dinara Safina : 11.
Dinara Safina : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Dinara Safina : Dinara Mubinovna Safina ( ; ] ; Tatar: ; born April 27, 1986 in Moscow) is a Russian former world No.
Kim Yong-hyun : Kim Yong-hyun (born 13 May 1978) is a badminton player from South Korea.
Kim Yong-hyun : They had a bye in the first run and were defeated by Jens Eriksen and Mette Schjoldager of Denmark in the round of 16.
Iva Majoli : Iva Majoli-Marić (born 12 August 1977) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia.
Iva Majoli : Majoli was born in Zagreb in SR Croatia, Yugoslavia and turned professional in September 1990 at the age of 13 when she played her first professional match in Makarska, representing Yugoslavia, losing in the first round to Ruxandra Dragomir.
Koon Wai Chee : Koon Wai Chee Louisa () (born 26 July 1980) is a badminton player from Hong Kong.
Koon Wai Chee : Koon competed in badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in women's doubles with partner Li Wing Mui.
Li Wing Mui : Li Wing Mui (Chinese: 李詠梅; Jyutping: lei wing mui; Pinyin: Lǐ Yǒngméi) (born 19 September 1979) is a badminton player from Hong Kong.
Noriko Matsueda : The following year, she created the soundtrack to "Front Mission 2".
Noriko Matsueda : She cites George Gershwin, Herbie Hancock, Chick Corea, Igor Stravinsky, and Gustav Mahler as musical influences.
Adriana Lima : At age 15, Lima won Ford's "Supermodel of Brazil" competition, and took second place the following year in the Ford "Supermodel of the World" competition before signing with Elite Model Management in New York City.
Alessandra Ambrosio : She enrolled at a modeling class at the age of 12, and at the age of 14, she was one of 20 finalists for the 1995 Elite Model Look national competition for Brazil.
Jo Novita : Jo Novita (born 19 November 1981) is an Indonesian former badminton player.
Jo Novita : In October 2008, she teamed with Rani Mundiasti in women's doubles to become runner-up at the Denmark Super Series after losing to the Malaysian pair of Chin Eei Hui and Wong Pei Tty in the final.
Lita Nurlita : Lita Nurlita (born 1 November 1983) is an Indonesian former badminton player.
Mette Schjoldager : Mette Schjoldager (born 21 April 1977) is a Danish badminton player from Viby, Roskilde Municipality, on the island of Zealand.
Mette Schjoldager : In the quarterfinals, Schjoldager and Eriksen beat Nova Widianto/Vita Marissa of Indonesia 15-12, 15-8 to advance to the semifinals.
Donna Kellogg : Her first representative match for England was against China at the World Championships 1997 in Scotland.
Donna Kellogg : Kellogg reached the mixed doubles final at the 2006 IBF World Championships with Anthony Clark, losing in the final against Gail Emms and Nathan Robertson.
Nicole Grether : Nicole Grether (born 17 October 1974) is a badminton player from Germany.
Chin Eei Hui : Chin Eei Hui (born 18 June 1982) is a former badminton player from Malaysia who plays in both women's and mixed doubles.
Chin Eei Hui : They defeated Seiko Yamada and Shizuka Yamamoto of Japan in the first round but subsequently lost to Gao Ling and Huang Sui of China in the round of 16.
Wong Pei Tty : Wong Pei Tty (born 11 November 1981) is a former doubles badminton player from Malaysia.
Wong Pei Tty : They defeated Seiko Yamada and Shizuka Yamamoto of Japan in the first round but were defeated by Gao Ling and Huang Sui of China in the round of 16.
Saralee Thungthongkam : Captain Saralee Thungthongkam ( ; ; born 13 June 1979) is a retired badminton player from Thailand.
Lotte Jonathans : Lotte Jonathans (born 17 September 1977 in Den Bosch, Noord-Brabant) is a badminton player from the Netherlands.
Hwang Yu-mi : Hwang competed for South Korea in badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in women's doubles with partner Lee Hyo-jung.
Ann-Lou Jørgensen : Ann-Lou Jørgensen (born 12 June 1977) is a badminton player from Denmark.
Rikke Olsen : She trained in Kastrup-Magleby BK and played for the team for eight seasons, won fourteen National titles, seven World Championships bronze medals, three times runner-up in All England Open, and reached in to the bronze medal match at the Olympic Games in 1996, 2000 and 2004.
Zhao Tingting : Zhao Tingting (; born 28 November 1982) is a Chinese badminton player from Nantong, Jiangsu.
Gao Ling : She has won titles at almost every top tier tournament in the world.
Gao Ling : Gao Ling (; born 14 March 1979) is a Chinese former badminton player.
Zhang Jiewen : Zhang Jiewen (; born 4 January 1981) is a Chinese former badminton player.
Shu Qi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shu Qi : Shu was a member of the jury of the Berlin International Film Festival in 2008 and the Cannes Film Festival in 2009.
Vita Marissa : Vita Marissa (born 4 January 1981) is an Indonesian retired badminton player.
Luo Xuejuan : Luo Xuejuan (also Luo Xue Juan; ; born January 26, 1984, in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed mostly in the breaststroke.
Luo Xuejuan : On 24 March 2008 Luo Xuejuan became the second torchbearer at the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay and the first torchbearer for China.
Riyu Kosaka : The song is an insert song for the movie with Kosaka providing the singing voice for Erika Mori, who portrays Chiharu Kazami, the younger sister of Shiro Kazami/Kamen Rider V3.
Rachael Stirling : Her parents married in 1982 and divorced in 1990.
Rachael Stirling : Rachael Atlanta Stirling (born 30 May 1977) is an English stage, film and television actress.
Zooey Deschanel : Zooey Claire Deschanel ( ; born January 17, 1980) is an American actress, model, musician, and singer-songwriter.
Zooey Deschanel : They have since released five albums: "Volume Two" (2010), "A Very She & Him Christmas" (2011), "Volume 3" (2013), "Classics" (2014), and "Christmas Party" (2016).
Zooey Deschanel : In 2001, Deschanel formed If All the Stars Were Pretty Babies, a jazz cabaret act with fellow actress Samantha Shelton.
Kae Araki : In 1995, she played Miaka Yūki in "Fushigi Yûgi," her first leading role in television animation.
Kae Araki : She was affiliated with 81 Produce from August 2003 to May 2010 and currently is freelancing.
Kae Araki : She moved to Hokkaido in second grade, to Kagawa Prefecture in the third grade and Kadoma in Osaka and Tomakomai in Hokkaido in the fourth grade.
Maria Mena : When Mena was nine years old, her parents divorced.
Maria Mena : Mena's song "Sorry" was featured on the third season of US "So You Think You Can Dance" and "What's Another Day" was featured during the fourth season.
Maria Mena : On 7 July 2007, she performed at the German leg of Live Earth in Hamburg.
Maria Mena : The album's first single, "Belly Up" had its radio premiere mid-June 2008 on Norwegian radio.
Maria Mena : Both Maria and her brother, Tony, are named after characters from Leonard Bernstein's "West Side Story".
Jamaica Kincaid : Although she was intelligent and frequently tested at the top of her class, Kincaid's mother removed her from school at 16 to help support the family when her third and last brother was born, because her stepfather was ill and could no longer provide for the family.
Jamaica Kincaid : Jamaica Kincaid was born Elaine Potter Richardson in St John's, Antigua, on May 25, 1949.
Kim Hee-sun : Kim Hee-sun (born June 11, 1977) is a South Korean actress.
Alina Kabaeva : In 2001, Kabaeva appeared in the Japanese movie, "Red Shadow", performing her gymnastic routine.
Alina Kabaeva : At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, in Australia, Kabaeva was expected to claim Gold in All-Around; however, due to an error in an otherwise exceptional performance—she dropped her hoop, and ran to retrieve it outside of the competition area—Kabaeva won the Bronze Medal, with the final score of 39.466 (Rope 9.925, Hoop 9.641, Ball 9.950, Ribbon 9.950).
Alina Kabaeva : At the 2004 Athens Olympics, Greece, Kabaeva won the Gold Medal in the Individual All-Around for Rhythmic Gymnastics, with a score of 108.400 (Hoop 26.800, Ball 27.350, Clubs 27.150, Ribbon 27.100), the Silver Medal went to her teammate, Irina Tchachina.
Alina Kabaeva : Viner, the Russian Head Coach, who also served as the Vice President of the FIG Rhythmic Gymnastics Technical Committee at the time, said her gymnasts had been taking a food supplement called "Hyper", that contained mild diuretics, which, according to Viner, the gymnasts were taking for premenstrual syndrome.
Christine Fletcher : Educated at St Cuthbert's College, Auckland, she was married to Angus Fletcher, and was thus the sister-in-law of former Fletcher Challenge CEO Hugh Fletcher and his wife Chief Justice Sian Elias.
Christine Fletcher : She won the new Epsom electorate in the 1996 election, and was subsequently appointed to the ministerial roles of Local Government, Women's Affairs and Cultural Affairs.
Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki : In 1994, she was appointed Vice-Chairman of the Dean’s Council of Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government, where she continues to serve today.
Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki : Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki (born Ioanna Daskalaki, December 12, 1955) is a Greek businesswoman and Ambassador-at-Large for the Hellenic State.
Tanni Grey-Thompson : Carys Davina Grey-Thompson, Baroness Grey-Thompson, (born 26 July 1969), known as Tanni Grey-Thompson, is a Welsh politician, television presenter and former wheelchair racer.
Tanni Grey-Thompson : Over her career she won a total of 16 Paralympic medals, including 11 golds, held over 30 world records and won the London Marathon six times between 1992 and 2002.
Tanni Grey-Thompson : Grey-Thompson is patron of numerous charities including the Duke of Edinburgh Awards scheme, the Wembley Stadium Legacy Trust, President of Sportsleaders UK, a UNICEF Ambassador, Academy member of the Laureus World Sport Academy (trustee of the Sport for Good Foundation) and a Council member for the Winston Churchill Memorial Trust
Tanni Grey-Thompson : In 1993, she was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for "services to sport", advanced in 2000 to Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) again for "services to sport" and then in 2005 was promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE).
India Arie : India Arie Simpson (born October 3, 1975), also known as India.Arie (sometimes styled as india.arie), is an American singer and songwriter.
Yoko Tawada : Yōko Tawada (多和田葉子 "Tawada Yōko", born March 23, 1960) is a Japanese writer currently living in Berlin, Germany.
Penny Wong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penny Wong : In 2010, Wong was selected by readers of Samesame website as one of the 25 most influential lesbian Australians.
Penny Wong : In December 2007, in the wake of the Labor Party victory in the 2007 election, Wong was appointed to the Cabinet of Australia in the First Rudd Government as the Minister for Climate Change and Water and later, for Climate Change, Energy Efficiency and Water in early 2010.
Tania Cagnotto : Cagnotto won her first European gold medal at the 2004 championships in Madrid at the age of 19, winning the 10-meter platform event and also receiving a bronze medal for her performance in the 3-meter springboard competition.
Tania Cagnotto : Cagnotto was sponsored by the sport section of the Italian police force, GN Fiamme Gialle – Bolzano Nuoto.
Bui Simon : In 2002, she married Herbert Simon, an American businessman who is the owner of the Indiana Pacers basketball team and Simon Property Group.
Bui Simon : Bui Simon (born Porntip Nakhirunkanok ( ; ; ] ); February 7, 1968) is an American personality, philanthropist and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 1988.
Bui Simon : She became the second Thai woman to win the title after Apasra Hongsakula who won Miss Universe 1965.
Eddie Bernice Johnson : Johnson entered electoral politics again in 1986, when she was elected as a Texas state Senator.
Eddie Bernice Johnson : Eddie Bernice Johnson (born December 3, 1935) is an American politician from the state of Texas, currently representing Texas's in the United States House of Representatives.
Zhu Chen : At the age of 25 she defeated Alexandra Kosteniuk of Russia in a tournament for the 2001/2002 Women's World Chess Championship, by 5–3, becoming the ninth champion.
Zhu Chen : 2002, World Women's Olympiad team championship.
Zhu Chen : 2007.July, The North Urals Cup.
Alisa Galliamova : Galliamova was married to Ukrainian Grandmaster Vassily Ivanchuk, one of the top rated players in the world.
Pia Cramling : Pia Ann Rosa-Della Cramling (born 23 April 1963) is a Swedish chess player.
Eve Ensler : Ensler was awarded the Obie Award in 1996 for 'Best New Play' and in 1999 was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship Award in Playwriting.
Eve Ensler : A June 2010 article by Ensler in "The Guardian" said that she was receiving treatment for uterine cancer.
Eve Ensler : Ensler was born in New York City, the second of three children of Arthur Ensler, an executive in the food industry, and Chris Ensler.
Eve Ensler : Celebrities who have starred in it include Jane Fonda, Whoopi Goldberg, Idina Menzel, Glenn Close, Susan Sarandon, Marin Mazzie, Cyndi Lauper, Mary Testa, Sandra Oh and Oprah Winfrey.
Eve Ensler : In 2006 Charles Isherwood of "The New York Times" called "The Vagina Monologues" "probably the most important piece of political theater of the last decade."
Eve Ensler : According to a 2012 article in the "Sydney Morning Herald", "After her marriage ended, she had a long relationship with the artist and psychotherapist Ariel Orr Jordan but is single now, which seems to suit her nomadic lifestyle – she has homes in New York and Paris but travels much of the year."
Viviane Reding : We are therefore tackling one the last borders within Europe's internal market".
Viviane Reding : She is also an advisor for the transatlantic think-tank European Horizons.
Viviane Reding : Reding started her political career in 1979 as a Member of the Luxembourg Parliament and held the following positions:
Viviane Reding : Within the European Parliament, she held positions as chairwoman of the Committee on Petitions for 3 years, and Vice-Chair of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs for 2 years each.
Viviane Reding : She previously served as European Commissioner for Education and Culture from 1999 to 2004, European Commissioner for Information Society and Media from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship from 2010 to 2014.
Viviane Reding : Reding served as the leader of Luxembourg's EPP delegation in the European Parliament from 1989 to 1999 and she was a Member of the group's Bureau.
Viviane Reding : Viviane Adélaïde Reding (born 27 April 1951) is a Luxembourgish politician and a former Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Luxembourg.
Viviane Reding : From 1981 to 1999, she was Communal conciliator of the city of Esch, in which she was President of the Cultural Affairs Committee from 1992 to 1999.
Viviane Reding : From 1988 to 1993, she was national president of the Christian-Social Women and from 1995 to 1999 and president of the Christian Social People's Party.
Monique Vinh Thuy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monique Vinh Thuy : Since the death of her husband in 1997, Baudot is also known as "Her Very Gracious Majesty Empress Tây Phuong".
Monique Vinh Thuy : In 1969, Monique Baudot, a French citizen who was then working in the press department of the Democratic Republic of the Congo's embassy in France, met Emperor Bảo Đại in Paris.
Emily Deschanel : Emily Erin Deschanel ( ; born October 11, 1976) is an American actress.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel was born in Los Angeles, California, to cinematographer and director Caleb Deschanel and actress Mary Jo Deschanel (née Weir).
Lee Jung-hyun : Her first single, "Wa" (와, "Come") topped the Korean charts for three weeks, while her second, "Bakkwo" (바꿔, "Change") won awards for Best Song and Most Broadcast Song.
Anna Zatonskih : Zatonskih is married to Daniel Fridman, also a chess player.
Mary Joe Fernández : Mary Joe Fernández Godsick (born María José Fernández; August 19, 1971) is an American former professional tennis player, who reached a career-high ranking of world No.
Mary Joe Fernández : She retired from the tour in 2000, having won a total of 24 titles:- seven WTA singles titles and 17 doubles titles.
Cate Shortland : She married filmmaker Tony Krawitz in 2009, and they have two adopted children.
Cate Shortland : In July 2019, Shortland was announced as the director of the upcoming "Black Widow" solo film for Marvel Studios.
Slavenka Drakulić : She lives in Croatia and in Sweden.
Jordana Brewster : Brewster filed for divorce in mid-2020.
Jordana Brewster : Jordana Brewster (born April 26, 1980) is an American actress and model.
Michelle Bachelet : Lavín won the 22-candidate election with nearly 78% of the vote, while she finished fourth with 2.35%.
Michelle Bachelet : In September 2018, Bachelet criticized Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen.
Michelle Bachelet : On 14 September 2010, Bachelet was appointed head of the newly created United Nations body UN Women by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Michelle Bachelet : She said that: ’’The UN rights group had shown that Uyghurs and other Muslims are being detained in camps across Xinjiang and I expect discussions with Chinese officials to begin soon’’.
Michelle Bachelet : Verónica Michelle Bachelet Jeria (] ; born 29 September 1951) is a Chilean politician who has served as United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights since 2018.
Michelle Bachelet : Bachelet's paternal great-great-grandfather, Louis-Joseph Bachelet Lapierre, was a French wine merchant from Chassagne-Montrachet who immigrated to Chile with his Parisian wife, Françoise Jeanne Beault, in 1860; he was hired as a wine-making expert by the Subercaseaux vineyards in Santiago.
Emilie de Ravin : Having studied ballet since the age of nine at Christa Cameron School of Ballet in Melbourne, and being home schooled by her mother, she was accepted into the Australian Ballet School at fifteen, where she performed in productions with The Australian Ballet as well as Danceworld 301.
Elizabeth Blackburn : Dr. Blackburn believes that she was dismissed from the Council due to her disapproval of the Bush administration's position against stem cell research.
Elizabeth Blackburn : In 1990, she moved across the San Francisco Bay to the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), where she served as the Department Chair from 1993 to 1999 and was the Morris Herzstein Professor of Biology and Physiology at UCSF.
Nancy Kwan : Her studies at the Royal Ballet School ran concurrently with her high-school studies.
Nancy Kwan : Nancy Kwan Ka Shen (; born May 19, 1939) is a Chinese-American actress, philanthropist, and former dancer who played a pivotal role in the acceptance of actors of Asian ancestry in major Hollywood film roles.
Michelle Ryan : Michelle Claire Ryan (born 22 April 1984) is an English actress.
Candy Dulfer : Dulfer collaborated with her father Hans Dulfer on the duet album "Dulfer Dulfer" in 2001.
Candy Dulfer : Dulfer performed session work with Eurythmics guitarist and producer Dave Stewart and was a guest musician for Pink Floyd during the band's performance at Knebworth in 1990, from which several tracks were released on a multi-artist live album and video, "Live at Knebworth '90".
Tomo Sakurai : On June 1, 2019, Sakurai announced that she was returning to the entertainment industry.
Tomo Sakurai : The unit played themselves in Midnight Anime Lemon Angel.
Tomo Sakurai : After leaving, she focused her career to mainly voice acting work.
Tarja Turunen : She was nominated for an Echo as best newcomer and an Emma for best Finnish artist.
Tarja Turunen : In December 2008, the EP "The Seer" was released in the UK and the new extended edition of "My Winter Storm" released in January 2009.
Barbara Steele : In 2010, actor-writer Mark Gatiss interviewed Steele about her role in "Black Sunday" for his BBC documentary series "A History of Horror".
Barbara Steele : During the 1960s, Steele starred in a string of Italian horror films, including "Black Sunday" (1960), "The Horrible Dr. Hichcock" (1962), "The Ghost" (1963), "The Long Hair of Death" (1964), "Castle of Blood" (1964), "Terror-Creatures from the Grave" and "Nightmare Castle" (both 1965).
Jennifer Ehle : She is the daughter of English actress Rosemary Harris and American author John Ehle.
Jennifer Ehle : She has also appeared in supporting roles in such films as Brian Gilbert's "Wilde" (1997), István Szabó's "Sunshine" (1999), Tom Hooper's "The King's Speech" (2010), Steven Soderbergh's "Contagion" (2011), Kathryn Bigelow's "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012), Alan Rickman's "A Little Chaos" (2014), Terence Davies's "A Quiet Passion" (2016), and Ira Sachs's "Little Men" (2016).
Uljana Semjonova : She was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1976, and in 1993 became the first non-US woman enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Uljana Semjonova : Uļjana Larionovna Semjonova ( , born 9 March 1952) is a retired Soviet-Latvian basketball player.
Miriam Yeung : In 2005, she was elected one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.
Miriam Yeung : Before entering the entertainment business, she was a registered nurse at the Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong.
Brittany Snow : She has a brother and a sister.
Brittany Snow : Brittany Snow (born March 9, 1986) is an American actress, producer, director, and singer.
Rina Aiuchi : In March 2001, Kakiuchi earned a Japan Gold Disc Award for New Artist of the Year.
Farrelly brothers : Peter Farrelly and Bobby Farrelly, collectively referred to as the Farrelly brothers, are American screenwriters and directors.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt speaks English, French, and Italian, in addition to her native language Swedish.
Victoria Silvstedt : According to the Finnish broadsheet newspaper "Keskisuomalainen", Silvstedt earns millions of dollars every year for her work in modeling, television presenting, and promoting various brands and products.
Victoria Silvstedt : They were married in June 2000, and divorced in 2009.
Erica Durance : She began dating Canadian actor, writer and director David Palffy in 2001 and married him in 2005.
Elisabeth Röhm : In 2005, Röhm began a relationship with Ron Anthony Wooster.
Nanase Aikawa : December 8, 2010, is the release date of "Fine Fine Day," the first single from the "Rockstar Steady" project.
Nanase Aikawa : Her second album, "Paradox", was released in July 1997, selling 1.8 million copies, coinciding with her first concert tour Live Emotion '97 (consisting of 20 concert dates, and attracting a total of 65,000 fans, according to Avex).
Ho Ching : In 2011, Ho was included in the '50 Most Influential' ranking by Bloomberg Markets magazine.
Ho Ching : In 2007, Ho was picked as one of the "100 most influential men and women" who shaped the world by TIME Magazine.
Ho Ching : In 2013, Ho was ranked ninth on the Public Investor 100 ranking compiled by the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute.
Ho Ching : Also in 2007, Forbes magazine ranked her 3rd in its annual list of the world's most powerful women, behind German Chancellor Angela Merkel and China's Vice-Premier Wu Yi.
Ho Ching : Ho Ching (; born 27 March 1953) is a Singaporean business executive and businesswoman who has served as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Director of Temasek Holdings since January 2004 and May 2002 respectively.
Ho Ching : She joined Singapore Technologies in 1987 as Deputy Director of Engineering, and took on various senior responsibilities before becoming its President and Chief Executive Officer in 1997.
Anastacia : She sang back-up vocals on pop star Tiffany's "New Inside" album in 1990.
Anastacia : Anastacia Lyn Newkirk ( ; born September 17, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter, producer and former dancer.
Anastacia : Over the course of her life Anastacia has battled numerous health problems including being diagnosed with Crohn's disease at age 13, breast cancer at age 34, and the heart condition supraventricular tachycardia, which the singer discovered she had at age 39.
Chiho Saito : Her debut work was "Ken to Madomoaseru" (The Sword and the Mademoiselle) in 1982.
Amanda Seyfried : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amanda Seyfried : In 2015, she starred in the comedy "Ted 2", alongside Mark Wahlberg and Seth MacFarlane, and played Peter Pan's mother in the film "Pan".
Amanda Seyfried : (2008), the horror film "Solstice" (2008), the dark comedy "Jennifer's Body" (2009), the erotic thriller "Chloe" (2009), the romantic drama "Dear John" (2010), romantic comedy "Letters to Juliet" (2010), the romance horror "Red Riding Hood" (2011), the science fiction action film "In Time" (2011), the mystery thriller "Gone" (2012), the biographical drama "Lovelace" (2013), the romantic comedy "The Big Wedding" (2013), the Seth MacFarlane comedies "A Million Ways to Die in the West" (2014) and "Ted 2" (2015), the fantasy film "Pan" (2015), the dramas "Fathers and Daughters" (2016) and "First Reformed" (2017), the comedy "The Clapper" (2017), the science fiction film "Anon" (2018), the crime comedy "Gringo" (2018), the musical "Mamma Mia!
Aya Matsuura :  A cover of Chisato Moritaka's 1993 original.
Aya Matsuura : The bridge in the title is one of twelve bridges that cross the Watarase River in the city of Ashikaga.
Melissa McCarthy : In August 2015, "Forbes" ranked her as the third highest-paid actress of 2015, with earnings of $23 million.
Melissa McCarthy : Melissa Ann McCarthy (born August 26, 1970) is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and fashion designer.
Melissa McCarthy : In 2011, McCarthy had a breakout performance in the comedy movie "Bridesmaids" alongside Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Rose Byrne, Wendi McLendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper.
Rurutia : Her pseudonym, Rurutia, is derived from the Tahitian word 'rorotea' meaning "blissful rain".
Keren Ann : Keren Ann Zeidel ( born 10 March 1974 ) known professionally as Keren Ann ( ), is an Israeli-born singer, songwriter, composer, producer, and engineer based largely in Paris, Tel Aviv, and New York City.
Nathalie Tauziat : Nathalie Tauziat (born 17 October 1967) is a French former professional tennis player.
Evangeline Lilly : Nicole Evangeline Lilly (born 3 August 1979) is a Canadian actress and author.
Maggie Grace : Margaret Grace Denig (born September 21, 1983) is an American actress and model.
Dai Qing : On June 14, 1989, she was arrested and started her life in prison.
Ameesha Patel : Ameesha Patel (] ; born Amisha Amit Patel on June 9, 1975) is an Indian actress and model who predominantly appears in Bollywood films.
Adriana Karembeu : Adriana Sklenaříková (born 17 September 1971) is a Slovak fashion model and actress.
Adriana Karembeu : She is a former Guinness record holder for the longest legs among female models (at almost 1.24 m).
Adriana Karembeu : Their wedding was held in Marrakesh, Morocco, and was attended by numerous film and show business stars.
Adriana Karembeu : In 2008 she participated in "Rendez-vous en terre inconnue" on France 2.
Linda B. Buck : Linda Brown Buck (born January 29, 1947) is an American biologist best known for her work on the olfactory system.
Silje Nergaard : Silje Nergaard (born 19 June 1966) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist and songwriter.
Lucy Turnbull : They own properties in Sydney, the Hunter Valley and an apartment in Canberra.
Lucy Turnbull : On 26 January 2011, Turnbull was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) for her distinguished service to the community, particularly through philanthropic contributions to, and fundraising support for, a range of medical, social welfare, educational, youth and cultural organisations, to local government, and to business.
Lucy Turnbull : Malcolm Turnbull was a member of the House of Representatives for Wentworth between 2004 and 2018, representing the Liberal Party.
Lucy Turnbull : As Lord Mayor, Turnbull awarded Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi the keys to the city of Sydney in 2003.
Lucy Turnbull : With a background in commercial law and investment banking, Turnbull is a Director of Turnbull & Partners Pty Ltd, a private investment company.
Lucy Turnbull : The Expert Panel was charged with preparing a report published on 1 March 2012, advising COAG Reform Council on whether metropolitan planning systems were consistent with agreed COAG criteria.
Lucy Turnbull : Hughes and Turnbull were married on 22 March 1980 in Cumnor, Oxfordshire, England, United Kingdom by a Church of England priest, despite Turnbull then being Presbyterian and Hughes Roman Catholic.
Robin Meade : Meade sang the "Star Spangled Banner" as part of the NASCAR Sprint Cup pre-race activities for the 2010 Toyota/Save Mart 350, the 2012 Coke Zero 400 and the 2013 Coca-Cola 600 on Memorial Day Weekend.
Claire McCaskill : Ever".
Claire McCaskill : Ever".
Claire McCaskill : Re-elected in 2012, McCaskill was defeated in 2018 by Republican challenger Josh Hawley.
Claire McCaskill : A member of the Democratic Party, McCaskill served as a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1983 to 1989, as Jackson County Prosecutor from 1993 to 1998, and as the 34th State Auditor of Missouri from 1999 to 2007.
Shizuka Itō : On April 30, 2020, Itō announced that she had gotten divorced.
Elfriede Jelinek : Elfriede Jelinek (] ; born 20 October 1946) is an Austrian playwright and novelist.
Tricia Nixon Cox : Tricia Nixon married Harvard Law student Edward Finch Cox in a White House Rose Garden ceremony on June 12, 1971.
Noriko Sakai : Noriko Sakai was born in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Noriko Sakai : After her probation ended, she began rehearsals for the theater, and signed on with Office Nigun Niiba, as a first step towards returning to the media committee.
Mariko Kouda : On King Records
Mariko Kouda : They were most well known for singing the ending theme to the anime "Doki Doki School Hours" although they did perform a couple of concerts one of which was released on DVD.
Mariko Kouda : Her most notable roles include Okinu from "Ghost Sweeper Mikami", Miki Koishikawa from "Marmalade Boy" and Shaorin from "Mamotte Shugogetten".
Risa Junna : The film was nominated for nine Golden Horse Awards (including Best Supporting Actress and Best Original Film Song for Junna) and won one for Best Original Film Song.
Ai Kato : On September 14, 2015, she revealed that she gave birth to her first child, a girl, in America.
Tatiana Tarasova : Tarasova was awarded Order of Friendship of Peoples (1984).
Tatiana Tarasova : Her most notable students have been Alexei Yagudin, Ilia Kulik, Natalia Bestemianova / Andrei Bukin, Oksana Grishuk / Evgeni Platov, Ekaterina Gordeeva / Sergei Grinkov, Marina Klimova / Sergey Ponomarenko, and Irina Rodnina / Alexander Zaitsev.
Ivana Trump : Trump has published several books, including "For Love Alone" (1992), "Free to Love" (1993) and a self-help book called "The Best Is Yet to Come: Coping with Divorce and Enjoying Life Again" (1995).
Ivana Trump : In 2017, she released an autobiography, "Raising Trump", that covers her own upbringing and the early years of raising her children with Donald Trump.
Ivana Trump : Ivana Marie Trump (, ] ; born February 20, 1949) is a Czech-American businesswoman, media personality, fashion designer, author, and former model.
Stefanie Sun : In 2004, she released her eighth studio album, "Stefanie", which won her another Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Female Singer.
Rikako Aikawa : She had a recurring role in the as Charla, Liza's female Charizard, a "Pokémon" who lives at the Charicific Valley and who eventually developed a romantic relationship with Ash's Charizard.
Asako Dodo : <templatestyles src="Template:TOC limit/styles.css" />
Kaori Mizuhashi : In October 2000, she landed her first regular anime role in "Hiwou War Chronicles", and in 2001 her recognition received a boost when she starred as the leading role Haruno Kasumi in the NHK anime "Kasumin".
Sakura Tange : She has released music under several artist names, including Little Seraph, Angelic Alice, Angel, and Sakura.
Kay Panabaker : In Naperville, Illinois, she attended Crone Middle School for sixth grade, and moved to Los Angeles, California, at the start of seventh grade.
Judith Collins : She met her husband, Chinese-Samoan David Wong-Tung, at university.
Judith Collins : Judith Anne Collins (born 24 February 1959) is a New Zealand politician serving as Leader of the Opposition and Leader of the New Zealand National Party since 2020.
Ann Hui : Only two films have achieved a Grand Slam (winning best picture, best director, best screenplay, best actor, and best actress) at the Hong Kong Film Awards; they are "Summer Snow" and "A Simple Life", both of which were directed by Ann Hui.
Ann Hui : She won Golden Horse Awards (GHA) for Best Director three times (1999, 2011, 2014); Best Film at the Asia Pacific Film Festival; and Best Director at the Hong Kong Film Awards six times (1983, 1996, 2009, 2012, 2015, 2018).
Hilary Hahn : Hilary Hahn (born November 27, 1979) is an American violinist.
Hilary Hahn : On September 1, 2019, Hahn announced that she was taking a year-long sabbatical and would resume performing in the 2020–21 season.
Hilary Hahn : Hahn and her husband have lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts since 2016, after having lived in New York City for several years.
Hilary Hahn : She studied with Brodsky for seven years and learned the études of Kreutzer, Ševčík, Gaviniès, and Rode, and the Paganini Caprices.
Hilary Hahn : From 1995 to 2000 she performed and studied chamber music at the Marlboro Music Festival in Vermont, and in 1996 she was an artist and a member of the chamber music mentoring program of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center.
Carina Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Pansy Wong : Pansy Yu Fong Wong (; born 1955) is a former New Zealand politician.
Pansy Wong : Wong resigned as an MP on 17 January 2011, resulting in the 2011 Botany by-election.
Pansy Wong : Wong resigned from Parliament in January 2011 after allegations of misusing her Parliamentary travel perks.
Anita Desai : Desai was born in 1937 in Mussoorie, India, to a German immigrant mother, Toni Nime, and a Bengali businessman, D. N. Mazumdar.
Anita Desai : She first learned to read and write in English at school and as a result, English became her "literary language".
Anita Desai : She considers "Clear Light of Day" (1980) her most autobiographical work as it is set during her coming of age and also in the same neighborhood in which she grew up.
Anita Desai : She was a student at Queen Mary's Higher Secondary School in Delhi and received her B.A.
Anita Desai : Desai has taught at Mount Holyoke College, Baruch College, and Smith College.
Anita Desai : In 1993, her novel "In Custody" was adapted by Merchant Ivory Productions into an English film by the same name, directed by Ismail Merchant, with a screenplay by Shahrukh Husain.
Anita Desai : Her novel "The Zigzag Way", set in 20th-century Mexico, appeared in 2004 and her latest collection of short stories, "The Artist of Disappearance", was published in 2011.
Anita Desai : In 1984, she published "In Custody" – about an Urdu poet in his declining days – which was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
Jan Wong : Wong published the article "Get under the desk" in "The Globe and Mail" on September 16, 2006.
Jan Wong : Jan Wong (; born August 15, 1952) is a Canadian journalist of Taishan, Guangdong ancestry.
Jan Wong : Shulman, an American draft dodger of the Vietnam Era, had joined his father Jack Shulman in China and remained there when Jack and his wife Ruth left China during the turmoil of the Cultural Revolution.
Danielle Panabaker : Danielle Nicole Panabaker (born September 19, 1987) is an American actress.
Eri Sendai : She announced her marriage on her radio program, Eri Sendai's Natural Pancake, broadcast on October 29, 2014.
Ayaka Saitō : She has great respect for her Ouran co-star Maaya Sakamoto, and calls the older lady "Onee-sama" (お姉さま, a very respectful way of saying "elder sister").
Hiromu Arakawa : She gave birth to a daughter in 2007 and had her third child in January 2014.
Grey DeLisle : She later met Jared Griffin through Twitter, and the two married on June 27, 2012.<ref name="Tara/Grey Interview"> </ref> The couple's son Harlan was born in 2014, and a daughter named Mariposa followed in 2016.
Sharmila Tagore : She had a very successful pairing opposite Dharmendra, along with whom she starred in seven movies - "Devar" (1966), "Anupama" (1966), "Mere Hamdam Mere Dost" (1968), "Satyakam" (1969), "Yakeen" (1969), "Chupke Chupke" (1975), "Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka" (1975) and Sunny (1984).
Rebecca Pan : Rebecca Pan Di-hua (; also Poon Tik-wah, Pan Wan Ching) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Rebecca Pan : One of her songs, which she recorded when she was 18, is played briefly in "In the Mood for Love" — the English version of an Indonesian folk song, "Bengawan Solo".
Kazue Ikura : She is most known for the roles of Kaori Makimura ("City Hunter"), Toraoh ("Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru"), Ryuunosuke Natsume ("All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku"), and Leni Milchstrasse ("Sakura Wars").
Unsuk Chin : Unsuk Chin ( ] ; born July 14, 1961) is a South Korean composer of classical music, who is based in Berlin, Germany.
Tracy Chevalier : Tracy Chevalier was born on October 19, 1962, in Washington, D.C. She is the daughter of Douglas and Helen (née Werner) Chevalier.
Liz Greene : Liz Greene (born 4 September 1946) is an American-British astrologer, psychologist and author.
Liz Greene : In April 2010 the History Department of the University of Bristol, UK, granted her a doctorate degree for her thesis 'The Kabbalah in British Occultism 1860-1940'.
Magdalena Maleeva : In October 2005, Maleeva retired from professional tennis after 16 seasons (years), and became the last of the Maleeva sisters to retire.
Magdalena Maleeva : Born in Sofia, Maleeva is the youngest of the three children of Yuliya Berberyan and Georgi Maleev.
Naja Marie Aidt : Naja Marie Aidt (born 24 December 1963) is a Danish-language poet and writer.
Molly Holzschlag : Molly E. Holzschlag (born January 25, 1963) is a U.S. author, lecturer and advocate of the Open Web.
Kristin Chenoweth : In 2009, Chenoweth published a memoir, "A Little Bit Wicked: Life, Love, and Faith in Stages", describing her life and career, including her adoption, her turn in "Wicked" and her time in Hollywood.
Kristin Chenoweth : Kristin Dawn Chenoweth ( ; born Kristi Dawn Chenoweth; July 24, 1968) is an American actress and singer, with credits in musical theatre, film and television.
Emmy Rossum : Emmanuelle Grey Rossum (born September 12, 1986) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.
Juhi Chawla : Juhi Chawla (born 13 November 1967) is an Indian actress, film producer and entrepreneur.
Suranne Jones : She garnered further attention for her roles in "Single Father", "Five Days" (both 2010) and "The Crimson Field" (2014), as well as stage work including productions of "A Few Good Men" (2005), "Blithe Spirit" (2009), "Top Girls" (2011), "Beautiful Thing" (2013), and "" (2014).
Suranne Jones : On 1 November 2019, a collaborative cover of "Symphony" by Jones and the Half Moon Theatre was released as a part of the BBC Children In Need album "Got It Covered".
Suranne Jones : Jones was brought up as a Catholic; her priest suggested to her father she be christened Sarah Anne, instead of Suranne, her great-grandmother's name, as Suranne was not "a proper name".
Kaori Iida : On July 6, 2007, Iida's agency announced that she was ten weeks pregnant and about to marry Kenji, a former member of the disbanded "7 House", a band formed by Tsunku; Iida's marriage took place the next day.
Kaori Iida : On January 30, 2005, Iida—the last First Generation member to still be in Morning Musume—graduated from the group to further pursue her solo singing and art careers.
Jun Ji-hyun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jun Ji-hyun : Jun gave birth to the couple's first child, a boy, on February 10, 2016 and second son on January 26, 2018.
Yuko Nakazawa : Project's "Folk Songs" series.
Yuko Nakazawa : On February 1, 2009, during the "Hello Pro Award '09 ~Elder Club Sotsugyō Kinen Special~" concert held at Yokohama Arena, Nakazawa passed on her leadership position in Hello!
Ai Nonaka : On August 20, 2017, she announced both on her blog and YouTube channel that she married someone outside the voice acting business on August 16, 2017.
Ai Nonaka : While self-proclaiming that she really would have preferred an acting career, but due to her height, as well as her interest in anime, she ultimately pursued voice acting after high school and graduated from the 21st batch of students from the Tokyo branch of Aoni's Seiyū Coaching School.
Kathleen Wynne : On January 30, 2014, Wynne announced her government increased the minimum wage from $10.25 to $11 after four years of freeze on the rate and introduced legislation to ensure future increases to the minimum wage to keep up with the CPI (Consumer Price Index).
Yvonne Catterfeld : In October 2006, the singer released her fourth studio album, "Aura".
Yvonne Catterfeld : Because of her resemblance to actress Romy Schneider, she had also been cast to play the title role in the Warner Bros. film "Eine Frau wie Romy".
Yvonne Catterfeld : Yvonne Catterfeld (born 2 December 1979) is a German singer, actress, and television personality.
Lee Na-young : Lee Na-young (born February 22, 1979) is a South Korean actress.
Suha Arafat : Suha Arafat ( ; born Suha Daoud Tawil ( ) on 17 July 1963) is the widow of former Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.
Nora Roberts : Roberts does much of her research over the Internet, as she has an aversion to flying.
Nora Roberts : She writes as J. D. Robb for the "in Death" series and has also written under the pseudonyms Jill March and for publications in the U.K. as Sarah Hardesty.
Nora Roberts : Her trilogies are all released in paperback, as Roberts believes the wait for hardcover editions is too long for the reader.
Nora Roberts : As of 2011, her novels had spent a combined 861 weeks on "The New York Times" Best Seller list, including 176 weeks in the number-one spot.
Nora Roberts : Nora Roberts (born Eleanor Marie Robertson on October 10, 1950) is an American author of more than 225 romance novels.
Nora Roberts : Roberts met her second husband, Bruce Wilder, a carpenter, when she hired him to build bookshelves in July 1985.
Nora Roberts : During her second year in high school, Roberts transferred to a local public school, Montgomery Blair High School, where she met her first husband, Ronald Aufdem-Brinke.
Carole Bouquet : Carole Bouquet (born 18 August 1957) is a French actress and fashion model, who has appeared in more than 60 films since 1977.
Nancy Lieberman : Nancy Elizabeth Lieberman (born July 1, 1958), nicknamed "Lady Magic", is an American former professional basketball player and coach in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) who is currently a broadcaster for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA) as well as the head coach of Power, a team in the BIG3 which she led to its 2018 Championship.
Jacqueline Wilson : In The Big Read, a 2003 poll conducted by the BBC, four of Wilson's books were ranked among the 100 most popular books in the UK: "Double Act", "Girls In Love", "Vicky Angel", and "The Story of Tracy Beaker".
Jacqueline Wilson : Dame Jacqueline Wilson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Aitken; born 17 December 1945) is an English novelist known for her popular children's literature.
Sarah Waters : "It was a very gloomy world to have to go into every day", she said.
Sarah Waters : It has been translated into at least 24 languages, including Chinese, Latvian, Hungarian, Korean and Slovenian.
Sarah Waters : Waters describes it as "fundamentally a novel about disappointment and loss and betrayal", as well as "real contact between people and genuine intimacy".
Sarah Waters : It won a 1999 Betty Trask Award, and was shortlisted for the Mail on Sunday / John Llewellyn Rhys Prize.
Sarah Waters : Waters said, "When I picture myself as a child, I see myself constructing something, out of plasticine or papier-mâché or Meccano; I used to enjoy writing poems and stories, too."
Sarah Waters : In 2005, Waters received the highest bid (£1,000) during a charity auction in which the prize was the opportunity to have the winner's name immortalised in "The Night Watch."
Sarah Waters : Although her thesis and previous books focused on the 19th century, Waters said that "Something about the 1940s called to me".
Sarah Waters : Andrew Davies wrote a screenplay adapting "Affinity" and the resulting feature film premiered 19 June 2008 at the opening night of Frameline the San Francisco LGBT Film Festival at the Castro Theater.
Sarah Waters : Her PhD thesis, entitled "Wolfskins and togas : lesbian and gay historical fictions, 1870 to the present", served as inspiration and material for future books.
Candace Parker : Candace Nicole Parker (born April 19, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Bhumika Chawla : Bhumika Chawla (born Rachna Chawla on 21 August 1978) is an Indian actress and a former model.
Jang Na-ra : She also performed with Jackie Chan at his charity concert "Jackie Chan and his friends" on June 24, 2006 at Nanjing, Jiangsu province of China.
Jang Na-ra : Jang also went on to become a model for television advertisements in her high school days before entering Chung-ang University's Department of Theater, Faculty of Fine Arts where she majored in Theater and Film in March 2000.
Jang Na-ra : On May 20, 2018, Jang Na-Ra performed "Sweet Dream", "I am a Woman Too", "April Story" on Sugar Man season 2, which was the highest audience rating among all terrestrial and non-terrestrial programs broadcast at the same time.
Song Hye-kyo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Donna D'Errico : Donna Jeanette D'Errico (born March 30, 1968) is an American actress and model.
Donna D'Errico : D'Errico also has a son, Rhyan, born in 1993.
Khushbu Sundar : The Hindu Munnani and the Hindu Makkal Katchi filed several cases against kushbu for accusing the actress that she had disrespected Hindu gods by sitting cross-legged with her slippers in front of the idols of Goddesses Lakshmi, Sarswathy and Parvathy during 'pooja' for the muhurat at Chennai on 22 November 2007.
Chae Rim : Chae Rim married singer Lee Seung-hwan (14 years her senior) on May 24, 2003.
Chae Rim : Park Chae-rim (; born March 28, 1979), known by the mononym Chae Rim, is a South Korean actress who debuted in 1994.
Chae Rim : In March 2014, she acknowledged that she was dating Chinese actor Gao Ziqi.
Sirindhorn : Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn ( , ] ; ; born April 2, 1955), formerly Princess Sirindhorn Debaratanasuda Kitivadhanadulsobhak ( ; ), is the second daughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and younger sister of King Vajiralongkorn.
Melissa Fumero : At 19, she moved to New York City to attend New York University, from which she received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Drama in 2003.
Susi Susanti : Together they have three children, Laurencia Averina, born 1999, Albertus Edward, born 2000, Sebastianus Fredrick, born 2003.
Han Ji-hye : Born Lee Ji-hye, she used the stage name "Han Ji-hye" upon learning that her real name would cause confusion among fans since an older actress, Lena Lee, also has the same Korean name.
Pak Se-ri : On 17 March 2016, Pak announced that she would retire following the 2016 season.
Pak Se-ri : In 2007, she won the Jamie Farr Owens Corning Classic for the fifth time, making her the fourth player in LPGA history to win the same tournament five or more times (Annika Sörenstam accomplished this feat at two tournaments).
Pak Se-ri : Perhaps the greatest tribute to her career to date came in a column by "Golf World" writer Eric Adelson in 2008, who called Pak "a pioneer... who changed the face of golf even more than Tiger Woods."
Renhō : In 1993, she became a newscaster on TBS and TV Asahi, covering several historical events including the Great Hanshin earthquake.
Renhō : In the 2010 House of Councillors election, she garnered a record 1,710,734 constituency votes.
Renhō : She was married in 1993 and studied the Chinese language at Peking University from 1995 to 1997.
Renhō : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lyudmila Putina : The divorce announcement was made on camera for the Russian news media at the State Kremlin Palace during the intermission of a performance by the Kremlin Ballet, ending years of speculation about their relationship.
Lyudmila Putina : In January 2016, Lyudmila was reported to have married a man named Artur Ocheretny in early 2015.
Lyudmila Putina : From 1990 to 1994, Lyudmila taught German at the Department of Philology of Leningrad State University.
Lyudmila Putina : The couple have two daughters, Mariya (born 28 April 1985 in Leningrad, Soviet Union) and Yekaterina (Katja) (born 31 August 1986 in Dresden, East Germany).
Ayumi Ito : She also appeared in Kiyoshi Kurosawa's 2012 television drama "Penance".
Minette Walters : Minette Walters (born 26 September 1949) is an English crime writer.
Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali : Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah binti Haji Mohamad Ali (born 12 July 1926) is the spouse and wife of Mahathir Mohamad, the 4th and 7th Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Claudia Poll : Claudia Maria Poll Ahrens (born 21 December 1972) is a Costa Rican swimmer who competes in the 200 m to 800 m freestyle events.
Nami Tamaki : She also performed the song "Fortune" as the main theme for the PS2 role-playing game "Radiata Stories" (as well as having a cameo appearance in the Japanese version of the game itself), and "CASTAWAY" as the theme song for a GBA turn-based strategy game, "Super Robot Wars J".
Nami Tamaki : Well-known examples of her contributions include those in the "Gundam SEED" and "Gundam SEED Destiny" franchise ("Realize", "Believe", "Reason", "Result" and "IDentity"), "Brightdown", an opening song for the anime series "D.Gray-man", and "Sanctuary", an opening song for the anime series "Kiba".
Helen Coonan : She is also a member of the advisory council of investment bank J.P. Morgan & Co., a trustee of the Sydney Opera House Trust, Chair of the Conservation Council of the Opera House Trust, Co-Chair of GRACosway and a non-executive director of Obesity Australia Limited.
Helen Coonan : Helen Lloyd Coonan (born 29 October 1947) is a former Australian politician who was a Senator for New South Wales from 1996 to 2011, representing the Liberal Party.
Ayesha Gaddafi : Ayesha has served as a mediator on behalf of the government with European Union corporations.
Ayesha Gaddafi : Ayesha was dubbed in the Arab press as the "Claudia Schiffer of North Africa," because of her dyed hair.
Ayesha Gaddafi : In July 2004, she joined the legal defence team of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein.
Ayesha Gaddafi : In October 2012 she, along with two of her brothers and other family members left Algeria to go to Oman, where they were granted political asylum.
Ayesha Gaddafi : She was placed under a travel ban on 26 February 2011, under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970.
Ayesha Gaddafi : However, on 27 July 2011, it was reported that Belgian prosecutors had declined to investigate the war crimes complaint filed by Gaddafi against NATO, stating that the courts of Belgium lacked jurisdiction to deal with the matter.
Ayesha Gaddafi : Gaddafi is also the head of the charity Wa Attassimou, which defended Muntadhar al-Zaidi when he faced charges stemming from the shoe-hurling incident.
Ayesha Gaddafi : Ayesha Gaddafi was appointed as the United Nations Development Program National Goodwill Ambassador for Libya on 24 July 2009, primarily to address the issues of HIV/AIDS, poverty and women's rights in Libya, all of which are culturally sensitive topics in the country.
Ayesha Gaddafi : Ayesha Gaddafi ( , born 1976), also known as Aisha Gaddafi, is a former Libyan mediator and military official, former UN Goodwill Ambassador, and lawyer by profession.
Teesta Setalvad : Teesta Setalvad (born 9 February 1962) is an Indian civil rights activist and journalist.
Teesta Setalvad : Teesta's Sabrang Communications and Publishing (not registered under FCRA) had between 2004 and 2014 accepted $290,000 from the US-based Ford Foundation without the government approval .The Ford Foundation, one of the largest international donors, was put on the watch-list following a Gujarat government complaint that it was interfering in India's "internal affairs" and encouraging Teesta's NGOs to promote "communal disharmony".
Melania Trump : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melania Trump : On October 2, 2020, President Trump tweeted that both he and Melania had tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 and would immediately quarantine.
Aoi Miyazaki : Miyazaki married Junichi Okada on December 23, 2017.
Audra McDonald : On October 19, 2016, they became parents to a girl, Sally James McDonald-Swenson.
Audra McDonald : In 2008 her recording of Kurt Weill's "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny" with the Los Angeles Opera won the Grammy Award for Best Classical Album and the Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording.
Sutton Foster : Her older brother, Hunter Foster, is also an actor.
Mai Nakahara : <templatestyles src="Template:TOC limit/styles.css" />
Vangie Tang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vangie Tang : She entered the 2003 International Chinese New Talent Singing Championship – Hong Kong Regional Finals and became a top 8 finalist.
Liza Wang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liza Wang : Liza Wang was married to businessman Lau Cheong Wah from 1971 to 1983 and they remain good friends.
Liza Wang : Wang, being a two-time cancer survivor (first thyroid then breast cancer), decided to be an executive committee member of the Hong Kong Anti-Cancer Society.
Liza Wang : Elizabeth Wang Ming-chun (born 28 August 1947), is a diva, actress and MC from Hong Kong.
Chieko Higuchi : :
Yinling : Yinling is a supporter of the Social Democratic Party of Japan which advocates for social welfare reform and alternatives to nuclear energy.
Yinling : Yan Yinling ( or in Japanese, ; born February 15, 1976) is a Taiwanese-born, Japan-based swimsuit model, race queen, singer and former professional wrestler.
Cyndi Wang : She started her first tour in 2016, and second in 2019.
Cyndi Wang : She and her younger brother were raised in a single parent family.
Cyndi Wang : Cyndi Wang ( ; born 5 September 1982) is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Bar Refaeli : As early as 2004 Refaeli received criticism in her country for avoiding its mandatory service in the army.
Bar Refaeli : 97 in 2011, in its lists of the "100 Sexiest Women."
Bar Refaeli : Refaeli began modeling at the age of eight months, when she first appeared in commercials.
Bar Refaeli : Bar Refaeli ( ; born 4 June 1985) is an Israeli model, television host, actress, and entrepreneur.
Linda Colley : She writes occasionally for the London Guardian, the New York Review of Books and the London Review of Books.
Linda Colley : Colley is married to fellow historian David Cannadine.
Linda Colley : Linda Colley, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 13 September 1949 in Chester, England) is an expert on British, imperial and global history from 1700.
Hélène Grimaud : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hélène Grimaud : Hélène Grimaud (born 7 November 1969) is a French classical pianist and the founder of the Wolf Conservation Center in South Salem, New York.
Hélène Grimaud : In 1991, at age 21, Grimaud moved to Tallahassee, Florida, to be near a boyfriend, Jeff Keesecker who taught bassoon at Florida State University.
Hélène Grimaud : In 1987, she launched her professional career with a solo recital in Paris and in 1988 she made her debut with the Orchestre de Paris under Daniel Barenboim.
Samantha Bee : In 2012, she appeared in Ken Finkleman's series "Good God" as Shandy Sommers, a devoutly Christian cable news host.
Samantha Bee : She has said of her family: "Dating from well before the turn of the 20th century, if there has ever been a successful, happy marriage in my family lineage, I've yet to hear about it."
Julie Benz : In 2011, she became engaged to Rich Orosco, a partner at the now defunct B360 Studios, and they married on May 5, 2012.
Julie Benz : Benz has also starred in the television series "Roswell" (1999–2000), "Desperate Housewives" (2010), "No Ordinary Family" (2010–2011), "A Gifted Man" (2011–2012), "Defiance" (2013–2015), "Hawaii Five-0" (2015–2017), and "Training Day" (2017).
Paulette Bourgeois : She has two grown-up children, Natalie and Gordon and lives in Toronto, Ontario.
Paulette Bourgeois : She has written three episodes of the TV documentary series, Creepy Canada, and has just finished the script for a full-length feature film, "Loving Mrs. Twiggy".
Paulette Bourgeois : She is also the author of "Changes in You and Me", books about adolescence, the "Oma's Quilt" was developed as a short film by the National Film Board of Canada, "Big Sarah's Little Boots" and more.
Paulette Bourgeois : In 2003, she became a Member of the Order of Canada and in 2007, she received an Honorary Doctor of Laws from her alma mater, the University of Western Ontario, and an Award of Merit from the Canadian Association of Occupational Therapists.
Paulette Bourgeois : She has been a columnist for Homemaker's Magazine, written for Canadian Living, Chatelaine and Today's Parent and she provided the concept and initial research for ""The Bee Talker"" which aired on CBC TV's "The Nature of Things".
Paulette Bourgeois : Paulette Bourgeois, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born July 20, 1951) is a Canadian writer best known for creating Franklin the Turtle, the character who appears in picture books illustrated by Toronto native Brenda Clark.
Paulette Bourgeois : After the birth of her first child, Natalie, she decided to write a children's book inspired by the Season 7 episode of "M*A*S*H" entitled C*A*V*E, where Hawkeye Pierce admits that he is claustrophobic and refuses to go into a cave, "If I were a turtle I would be afraid of my own shell", he explained.
Dariga Nazarbayeva : On 13 September 2016, Nazarbayeva was appointed to the Senate; she was designated as the head of the Senate's International Affairs, Defense, and Security Committee on 16 September.
Yulia Tymoshenko : ".
Yulia Tymoshenko : ".
Yulia Tymoshenko : Members from the Party of Regions blocked the parliament from 29 June through 6 July.
Yulia Tymoshenko : In January 2002, Tymoshenko was involved in a mysterious car accident that she survived with minor injuries – an episode some believe to have been a government assassination attempt.
Yulia Tymoshenko : In January 2010, Tymoshenko called for urgent amendments to the Constitution via the majority of the Verkhovna Rada after a survey or plebiscite is conducted.
Yulia Tymoshenko : Tymoshenko believes Ukraine can gain energy security and independence, and she wants to speed up exploration and extraction of oil and natural gas from the Black Sea shelf.
Yulia Tymoshenko : On 21 June 2006, the Ukrainian media reported that the parties had finally reached a coalition agreement, which appeared to have ended nearly three months of political uncertainty.
Yulia Tymoshenko : Tymoshenko has said that, like most Soviet citizens, she spoke only Russian in her childhood (although she studied the Ukrainian language and Ukrainian literature at school for 10 years, as did all schoolchildren in Soviet Ukraine).
Yulia Tymoshenko : Tymoshenko's husband, Oleksandr, spent two years (2002–2004) in hiding in order to avoid incarceration on charges the couple said were unfounded and politically motivated by the former Kuchma administration.
Yulia Tymoshenko : After graduating from the Dnipropetrovsk State University in 1984, Tymoshenko worked as an engineer-economist in the "Dnipro Machine-Building Plant" (which produced missiles) in Dnipropetrovsk until 1988.
Yulia Tymoshenko : Former ally and President of Ukraine Victor Yushchenko stated in November 2009, "I am sure that every week spent by Yulia Tymoshenko in the post of Prime Minister leads the country to a catastrophe.
Yulia Tymoshenko : In the Autumn of 2001, both Tymoshenko and Viktor Yushchenko attempted to create a broad opposition bloc against the incumbent president, Leonid Kuchma, in order to win the Ukrainian presidential election of 2004.
Yulia Tymoshenko : The Party of Regions announced an ultimatum to the coalition demanding that parliamentary procedures be observed, asking that membership in parliamentary committees be allocated in proportion to seats held by each fraction, and demanding chairmanship in certain Parliamentary committees as well as Governorships in the administrative subdivisions won by the Party of Regions.
Yulia Tymoshenko : On 4 February, Tymoshenko's premiership appointment was ratified by the parliament with an overwhelming majority of 373 votes (226 were required for approval).
Yulia Tymoshenko : About her own attitude toward the Ukrainian language, Tymoshenko has stated that "today I am thinking in Ukrainian... and the fact that I know Russian very well, I think it is not a secret for you... you all know that I was brought up in the Russian speaking region in Dnipropetrovsk, to my mind, I spared no effort to speak Ukrainian as soon as possible as I came in the Government."
Yulia Tymoshenko : Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has stated (in November 2009) he found it comfortable to work with his (then) Ukrainian counterpart Yulia Tymoshenko and also praised her for strengthening Ukrainian sovereignty and building stable ties with Moscow and called the second Tymoshenko Government "efficient and a force for stability".
Yulia Tymoshenko : Yet on 8 September, after the resignation of several senior officials, including the Head of the Security and Defense Council Petro Poroshenko and Deputy Prime Minister Mykola Tomenko, Tymoshenko's government was dismissed by President Viktor Yushchenko during a live television address to the nation.
Yulia Tymoshenko : In late 2002, Tymoshenko, Oleksandr Moroz (Socialist Party of Ukraine), Petro Symonenko (Communist Party of Ukraine) and Viktor Yushchenko (Our Ukraine) issued a joint statement concerning "the beginning of a state revolution in Ukraine".
Yulia Tymoshenko : After Tymoshenko's BYuT voted alongside the Communist Party of Ukraine and the Party of Regions to pass legislation that would facilitate the procedure of impeachment for future presidents and limit the President's power while increasing the Prime Minister's powers, President Yushchenko's OU-PSD bloc pulled out of the coalition and Yushchenko promised to veto the legislation and threatened to hold an election if a new coalition was not formed soon.
Adrianne Curry : Adrianne Marie Curry-Rhode (born August 6, 1982) is an American fashion model, actress and television personality.
Paz Vega : In May 2011, Vega replaced Penélope Cruz as the face for L'Oreal Spain.
Paz Vega : Vega and her Venezuelan husband, Orson Salazar, had their first child, a son in 2 May 2007.
Paz Vega : María de la Paz Campos Trigos (born 2 January 1976), known professionally as Paz Vega (] ), is a Spanish actress.
Paz Vega : In 2008, she co-starred with Gabriel Macht, Samuel L. Jackson, and Scarlett Johansson in "The Spirit".
America Ferrera : Ferrera first met actor, director, and writer Ryan Piers Williams when he cast her in a student film at USC.
Jessica Stam : Jessica Elizabeth Stam (born 23 April 1986) is a Canadian model.
Angie Stone : Angie Stone (born Angela Laverne Brown; December 18, 1961) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and record producer.
Jadranka Kosor : She has published five books - two of poetry, two related to the Croatian War of Independence and one containing her comments on Croatian politics.
Jadranka Kosor : In the 2005 presidential election she ran as a representative of the HDZ, but lost to incumbent president Stjepan Mesić in the second round.
Jadranka Kosor : She studied in Zagreb, where she graduated in law and began working as a journalist from 1972 as a correspondent for "Večernji list" and Radio Zagreb.
Jadranka Kosor : Jadranka Kosor (; born 1 July 1953) is a Croatian politician and former journalist who served as Prime Minister of Croatia from 2009 to 2011, having taken office following the sudden resignation of her predecessor Ivo Sanader.
Zhao Ruirui : Zhao Ruirui (; born 8 October 1981 in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed on the 2003 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup winning side and made an initial appearance with the 2004 gold medal winning side before refracturing her right leg.
Chu Jinling : Chu Jinling (楚金玲; born 29 July 1984 in Dalian) is a retired Chinese volleyball player.
Cristina Narbona : In a 2002 interview with Telemadrid, Narbona argued that the price of housing in Spain was excessive and out of reach of young people, and called for more government aid in the housing sector.
Cristina Narbona : On 18 June 2017 she was elected president of Spanish Socialist Worker's Party.
Cristina Narbona : Narbona is an opponent of nuclear power and supports the gradual closure of nuclear plants in Spain.
Cristina Narbona : Having been in a relationship with fellow PSOE politician Josep Borrell since 1998, they married in July 2018.
Chely Wright : Two weeks after publicly coming out, Wright met fellow LGBT activist and Sony Music marketing director Lauren Blitzer.
Talisa Soto : Talisa Soto (born March 27, 1967) is a former American actress and model.
Talisa Soto : In 1997, Soto married actor Costas Mandylor but later divorced in 2000.
Talisa Soto : Miriam Talisa Soto was born in Brooklyn, New York, the youngest of four children of parents who move from Puerto Rico.
Saya Takagi : In October 2016, she was arrested at her guesthouse in Okinawa for possession of 55 grams of cannabis, and in April 2017 was sentenced to a one-year suspended prison sentence, after having spent six months in jail.
Wendi Deng Murdoch : Wendi Deng Murdoch (; born December 5, 1968) is a Chinese-born American entrepreneur, investor, movie producer, media mogul, and collector of Chinese contemporary art.
Lee Hyori : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chae Jung-an : Chae Jung-an (born Jang Jung-an on September 9, 1977) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Yukari Tamura : On January 1, 2007, Tamura's talent management agency changed from Arts Vision to I'm Enterprise, a subsidiary of Arts Vision and on April 1, 2007, Tamura's record company officially changed from Konami to King Records, however, there was no material effect to Tamura because the actual record production of Konami is carried out by King Records.
Haruhi Nanao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margot James : Elected as a Conservative, she had the whip removed in September 2019 and, after having the whip restored, stood down as an MP prior to the upcoming general election.
Margot James : James lives in South Kensington and Stourbridge with her partner, Jay Hunt, previously a producer and presenter with the BBC and now managing director of a video production company, Violet Productions.
Margot James : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margot James : James is a graduate of the London School of Economics (LSE) with a degree in Economics and Government.
Lene Hau : Lene Vestergaard Hau (born November 13, 1959 in Vejle, Denmark) is a Danish physicist who is currently the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and of Applied Physics at Harvard University.
Emma Bonino : She graduated in modern languages and literature from Bocconi University in Milan in 1972.
Emma Bonino : Emma Bonino {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'OMRI, CdrLH', '4': "} (born 9 March 1948) is an Italian politician.
Norika Fujiwara : Kataoka Ainosuke VI (6th generation Kabuki actor) and Fujiwara were married September 23, 2016, dressed in traditional Japanese wedding clothes.
Dimple Kapadia : Dimple Kapadia (born 8 June 1957) is an Indian actress who predominantly appears in Hindi films.
Rachel Maddow : Maddow was born in Castro Valley, California.
Rachel Maddow : Maddow splits her time between Manhattan, New York and West Cummington, Massachusetts with her partner, artist Susan Mikula.
Rachel Maddow : Concerning Barack Obama's candidacy, Maddow said: "I have never and still don't think of myself as an Obama supporter, either professionally or actually."
Rachel Maddow : Rachel Anne Maddow ( , ; born April 1, 1973) is an American television news program host and liberal political commentator.
Susanne Klatten : Susanne Hanna Ursula Klatten ("née" Quandt, born 28 April 1962) is a German billionaire heiress, the daughter of Herbert and Johanna Quandt.
Kaori Yuki : Kaori Yuki is a pen name; originally she had chosen "Eri Minase" but then decided on "Kao Yuki," derived from the actress Yuki Saito, with the addition of a "Ri" character for the pen name "Kaori Yuki."
Liz Cheney : In the November 6 general election, Cheney was reelected to the House with 127,951 votes, defeating Democrat Greg Hunter (59,898 votes), Libertarian Richard Brubaker (6,918) and Constitution Party candidate Daniel Clyde Cummings (6,069).
Liz Cheney : Elizabeth Lynne Cheney was born on July 28, 1966, in Madison, Wisconsin, the elder of two daughters of former Vice President Dick Cheney and former Second Lady Lynne Cheney (née Vincent).
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma : She served in her ex-husband Jacob Zuma's 2009 presidential cabinet as Minister of Home Affairs from 10 May 2009 until 2 October 2012.
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma : On 15 July 2012, Dlamini-Zuma was elected by the African Union Commission as its chairperson, making her the first woman to lead the organisation or its predecessor, the Organisation of African Unity; she took office on 15 October 2012.
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma : She subsequently began her medical studies at the University of Natal, where she became an active underground member of South African Students Organisation, and was elected as its deputy president in 1976.
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma : Nkosazana Clarice Dlamini married Jacob Zuma, with whom she has four children: Msholozi (born 1982); Gugulethu Zuma-Ncube (born 1984), who married the son of Zimbabwean politician and President of the MDC, Welshman Ncube; Nokuthula Nomaqhawe (born 1987); and their youngest daughter, Thuthukile Zuma (born 1989), who was controversially appointed Chief of Staff in the Department of Telecommunications and Postal Services in 2014.
Elsie Leung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Natalie Goldberg : Natalie Goldberg (born January 4, 1948) is an American popular author and speaker.
Anita Yuen : Anita Yuen Wing-yi (born 4 September 1971) is a Hong Kong film and television actress.
May East : Since 2013 May East has been contributing articles to "The Scotsman"
May East : May was included three years in a row (2011, 2012, 2013) in the 100 Global Sustain Ability Leaders list, devised and produced by Ken Hickson, Chairman/CEO of Sustain Ability Showcase Asia and ABC Carbon.
May East : In 1982 she collaborated with the independent TVDO videoart group and in partnership with the producer Nelson Motta co-produced the TV program Mocidade Independente for TV Bandeirantes.
May East : She is currently the Chief Executive of Gaia Education , an international consortium of sustainability designers and educators from research and development centers for carbon-constrained lifestyles.
May East : A UNITAR Fellow she has an MSc in Spatial Planning with specialisation in integrated approaches for the regeneration of abandoned towns in southern Italy, which makes the case for the reactivation of abandoned settlements, the so-called ghost towns in southern Europe, as an alternative housing solution that comes with embedded collective memory and offers ‘locally adaptable, culturally rooted’ opportunities for communities.
May East : In 1984 she released her first single, "Fire in the jungle/Índio", in Brazil, The Netherlands and Japan with EMI.
May East : The United Nations Institute for Training and Research affiliated training centre for Northern Europe operated for 10 years as a hub for capacity building, leadership and knowledge sharing between local and regional authorities, international organisations, the private sector and civil society under May's leadership.
May East : May East's art, be it in film, video, installation or music, expressed a deep concern for Brazil's environment both in the major cities and the country's vast interior, specially the rainforests of the Amazon.
Eiko Koike : She was once nominated for Best Supporting Actress at Japan Academy Prize, for her outstanding performance in the film "Rebirth".
Ekaterina Gordeeva : It is an autobiographical letter from mother to daughter about childhood memories, skating, differences between Russian and American culture and the importance of family.
Ekaterina Gordeeva : In 2012, Kulik and Gordeeva opened Kulik's Skating, an ice rink and figure skating training environment in Lake Forest, California.
Ekaterina Gordeeva : On 20 November 1995, while the pair were rehearsing in Lake Placid, New York for opening night of the upcoming tour, Grinkov collapsed on the ice and died at age 28 from a massive heart attack.
Tenley Albright : In 1981 she married former Ritz-Carlton hotel owner Gerald Blakeley, who shares her association with Woods Hole and is chair of The Morehouse School of Medicine.
Trixi Schuba : She is considered to be one of the best compulsory figure skaters ever.
Trixi Schuba : The International Skating Union, the governing body of the sport, would over the ensuing years decrease the weight given the figures portion before finally eliminating it in 1990.
Trixi Schuba : Retiring from amateur skating, Schuba appeared over the succeeding six years in the professional shows Ice Follies and Holiday on Ice, after which she began a career in the insurance industry which she continues to the present.
Trixi Schuba : After her father died when she was thirteen, she went to trade school and eventually took over the bookkeeping of her family's lumber business in Vienna; mornings were given to skating and afternoons to work.
Trixi Schuba : Schuba's interest in figure skating began as a young child in 1955 when she happened to see an American competition on the television bought by her parents to watch performances of the Vienna State Opera and the Burgtheater.
Trixi Schuba : Schuba has served as president of the International Panathlon Club Wien since 2007, on the board of the Austrian Paralympic Committee since 2009, and as vice president of the Graz Skating Association since 2010.
Trixi Schuba : She is a six-time Austrian national champion (1967–1972), a two-time European champion (1971 and 1972), a two-time World champion (1971 and 1972), and 1972 Olympic champion.
Trixi Schuba : Schuba steadily improved throughout the end of the 1960s and the early 1970s, placing in the top five several times and eventually taking first twice each at the European Championships and the World Championships in 1971 and 1972.
Sarah Liao : Her brother is Dr. York Liao, a prominent Hong Kong businessman and councillor.
Sarah Liao : During her university years, Liao joined St. John's College as a residential member from 1970 and has served as the female sports captain from 1971–72.
Sarah Liao : Sarah Mary Liao graduated from the Diocesan Girls' School and earned her bachelor's degree (chemistry and botany), master's degree (inorganic chemistry) and doctorate (environmental/occupational health) from the University of Hong Kong.
Sarah Liao : Dr. Sarah Mary Liao Sau-tung, GBS, MBE, JP, FRSC (born 25 December 1951) was former Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong since 2002.
Penelope Lively : Dame Penelope Margaret Lively {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born Penelope Margaret Low, 17 March 1933) is a British writer of fiction for both children and adults.
Lena Park : Park Jung-hyun (Korean:  ; born March 23, 1976), also known as Lena Park (Korean:  ), is an American-born South Korean singer who debuted in 1998 with the album, "Piece."
Lena Park : My Wish/Only In My Heart ( ) for The Heirs drama.
Julia Butterfly Hill : She is best known for having lived in a -tall, roughly 1500-year-old California redwood tree for 738 days between December 10, 1997 and December 18, 1999.
C. C. Catch : 's George Michael).
C. C. Catch : Bohlen gave her the stage name C. C. Catch, the two "C"s standing for the first initials of her two first names, and "Catch" which she thought was a good idea and looked great with the initials.
C. C. Catch : During this time, BMG also released the single "Baby I Need Your Love", along with the compilation "Classics".
C. C. Catch : Caroline Catherine Müller (born 31 July 1964), known professionally as C. C. Catch, is a Dutch-born German pop singer, also known for her collaboration with Dieter Bohlen (one half of Modern Talking) in the 1980s.
C. C. Catch : The single entered the top 20 in some European countries, including Germany and Switzerland.
C. C. Catch : Eight of those singles entered the top 20, whereas one of the albums entered the top 10.
Desiré Wilson : Desiré Randall Wilson (born 26 November 1953) is a former racing driver from South Africa and one of only five women to have competed in Formula One.
Ai Kago : On April 15, she, along with Rika Ishikawa, Hitomi Yoshizawa, and Nozomi Tsuji, were inducted into the idol group Morning Musume as its fourth generation.
Ai Kago : The record appeared in the 2005 and 2006 editions of the "Guinness Book of World Records" before it was broken by Ashrita Furman in September 2005.
Nozomi Tsuji : On June 17, 2011, her 24th birthday, Tsuji released a book of essays under Kodansha Limited, "Non-chanpuru -mother-".
Jenny Kwan : While Kwan was accused of self-interest, at the time she claimed to have no plans to run for the leadership of the party.
Jenny Kwan : In 1993, Kwan at age 26 was elected as the youngest-ever member of Vancouver City Council.
Connie Nielsen : Connie Inge-Lise Nielsen (born 3 July 1965) is a Danish actress whose first major role in an English language film was a supporting role in "The Devil's Advocate" (1997).
Ai Takahashi : On December 20, 2013, Takahashi was announced to have become engaged to her boyfriend, Koji Abe, and they married on February 14, 2014.
Makenzie Vega : Makenzie Jade Vega Norfolk (born February 10, 1994), known professionally as Makenzie Vega, is an American actress.
Melissa Leo : Sgt.
Melissa Leo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Melissa Leo : Melissa Leo (born September 14, 1960) is an American actress.
Melissa Leo : Kay Howard on "" until 1997.
Sayumi Michishige : Michishige also starred in , an original internet drama created for the purpose of advertising the Family Restaurant chain , as , a novice waitress training under the supervision of her seniors (played by Morning Musume's Ai Takahashi) and (Reiko Tokita).
Miki Nakatani : For her performance in the title role of Matsuko Kawajiri in Tetsuya Nakashima's 2006 film "Memories of Matsuko, s"he won the Best Actress award at the 31st Hochi Film Award, the Asian Film Award for Best Actress, and the Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role.
Clara Morgane : She was elected the top French and eighth sexiest woman in the world by the French edition of the magazine "FHM".
Clara Morgane : She received a Hot d'Or Award for "Best French Starlet" in 2001.
Clara Morgane : Clara Morgane (] ) is a French singer, media personality, TV host and former pornographic actress.
Charlotte Froese Fischer : Charlotte Froese Fischer (born 1929) is a Canadian-American applied mathematician and computer scientist noted for the development and implementation of the Multi-Configurational Hartree–Fock (MCHF) approach to atomic-structure calculations and its application to the description of atomic structure and spectra.
Charlotte Froese Fischer : In 1995 she was elected a member of the Royal Physiographic Society in Lund, in 2004 a foreign member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences, and in 2015 she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Technology from Malmö University, Sweden.
Sayuri Yoshinaga : In 1962, Yoshinaga played a junior-high school girl in her most famous film, "Foundry Town", and got the Japan Record Award for ""Itsudemo Yume wo"" (Always Keep the Dream) with the male singer Yukio Hashi.
Bipasha Basu : Bipasha Basu (born 7 January 1979), also known by her married name Bipasha Basu Singh Grover, is an Indian film actress and model.
Urmila Matondkar : Matondkar won her second Bollywood Movie Award for Best Actress.
Kyōko Aizome : Soon after graduation from high school, Aizome was scouted in Tokyo's Shinjuku neighborhood by a photographer for nude magazines.
Yūko Minaguchi : This resulted in Shino Kakinuma being cast as Videl for the final arc of "Dragon Ball Kai", although Minaguchi did reprise her role as the character for 2013's theatrical film "" and continued to voice her afterwards.
Alicia Molik : Alicia Molik (born 27 January 1981) is an Australian former professional tennis player.
Mo'Nique : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mo'Nique : Mo'Nique was born on December 11, 1967, in Baltimore, Maryland, the daughter of engineer Alice Imes and drug counselor Steven Imes, Jr. She is the youngest of four children.
Hiroko Yakushimaru : In 1981, she came into prominence with "Sailor Suit and Machine Gun", the film where she played the leading role.
Hiroko Yakushimaru : Along with teen idols Tomoyo Harada and Noriko Watanabe who debuted from Kadokawa Haruki Corporation, she was often dubbed as one of "Kadokawa Sannin-musume" in her early career.
Tomoko Yamaguchi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mayumi Wakamura : Mayumi Wakamura (若村麻由美 "Wakamura Mayumi", born on January 3, 1967 in Nerima, Tokyo) is a Japanese actress.
Keiko Toda : She's voiced Rui Kisugi for the new animated City Hunter movie, taking over from fellow voice actress Toshiko Fujita, whom she had a sister-like relationship with.
Mirai Yamamoto : Mirai Yamamoto (山本未來 "Yamamoto Mirai", born 4 November 1974 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.
Isabella Leong : Hong Kong Film Awards (2007)
Isabella Leong : Luísa Isabella Nolasco da Silva Leong Lok-yau (born 23 June 1988), better known as Isabella Leong, is a Macanese-born, Hong Kong-based actress and former singer.
Isabella Leong : In April 2009, Leong gave birth to their first son Ethan Li Cheung Tsz.
Isabella Leong : In June 2010, Leong gave birth to Li's twin sons in San Francisco.
Hitomi Kuroki : Hitomi Kuroki (Japanese: ; Katakana: "Kuroki Hitomi"; born October 5, 1960 in Kurogi-Machi, Yame District, Fukuoka, Japan) is a Japanese actress.
Tomoyo Harada : Other members are Hiroshi Takano, Ren Takada, Hirohisa Horie, Tomohiko Gondo.
Shima Iwashita : After attending No 3 Municipal Primary School and No 3 Municipal Middle School in Musashino City to the west of Tokyo, Iwashita proceeded first to Tokyo Metropolitan Musashi High School then Myōjō Gakuen High School before entering the Arts Faculty of Seijo University, which she left before taking a degree.
Daniela Hantuchová : 1.
Daniela Hantuchová : She then suffered two successive first round defeats: at the Sydney International to Ayumi Morita and at the Australian Open to Chan Yung-jan. At the Pattaya Open at the end of the month, Hantuchová was the reigning champion but after beating Olga Puchkova in the first round, she had to retire during her second round match against Nina Bratchikova.
Alla Pugacheva : President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev awarded Pugacheva the 3rd Degree Order of Merit for the Fatherland on her 60th birthday (15 April 2009).
Alla Pugacheva : In 1969, she married Lithuanian circus performer Mykolas Orbakas , and in 1971 she gave birth to a daughter, Kristina Orbakaitė, who is also a popular singer.
Linda Kozlowski : Linda Kozlowski (born January 7, 1958) is an American former actress.
Linda Kozlowski : Since that time, she has appeared in "Almost an Angel" in 1990, "Backstreet Justice" (with Paul Sorvino) and "The Neighbor" (with Rod Steiger) in 1994, and "Village of the Damned" in 1995.
Linda Kozlowski : She played "Miss Forsythe" on Broadway in "Death of a Salesman" and in 1984 took the same role in the film version of 1985.
Kyla Cole : Cole has starred in three movies with erotic film director Andrew Blake.
Kyla Cole : Between April 2004 and January 2005, Cole did charity work, caring for an orphanage in Šarišské Michaľany, Slovakia.
Kyla Cole : Kyla Cole (born Martina Jacová, ] ; November 10, 1978) is a Slovak glamour model, "Penthouse" Pet and former television presenter.
Kyla Cole : Kyla Cole was born in Prešov, Czechoslovakia (present Slovakia), and was her parents' first-born child.
Kyla Cole : but in an interview in 2010 she withdraws this, stating "To tell you the truth, I'm not bisexual.
Kyla Cole : One of the billboards, displaying a scantily clad Cole with the slogan "For your enjoyment", was later convicted of breaching the standards of decency and morality by the Council for Advertising in Slovakia.
Kyla Cole : Cole is as of  2010 living in Slovakia, working as a model and taking care of her personal website.
Kyla Cole : She was offered the position of Penthouse Pet of the Year, but had to decline because she was unable to obtain a US work visa.
Kyla Cole : In March 2005 Cole was the spokesmodel in a campaign to promote a new instant coffee product for the Slovak company Baliarne obchodu a.s.
Kyla Cole : Between February and April 2005 Cole was in the Philippines shooting a local action movie, playing the lead female role of Karen.
Kyla Cole : In November 2006 the Slovak-based computer game developer Cypron Studios announced Cole had signed an exclusive contract to be the official face of their game "GODS: Land of Infinity".
Kyla Cole : The producers of the TV show hints of Cole's surprise appearance when they, to the male housemates despair, secretly removes the best picture of Cole, and 2 weeks before the season finale, proclaims that all will be revealed.
Wan Azizah Wan Ismail : Wan Azizah was honoured on the occasion of the official birthday of the Yang di-Pertua Negeri (State Governor) of Penang on 12 July 2008 when she was awarded the Darjah Panglima Pangkuan Negeri (Order of the Defender of the State), a chivalric order of the second rank in the state.
Wan Azizah Wan Ismail : She successfully retained the seat in the 2004 elections, after five recounts, with a reduced majority.
Wan Azizah Wan Ismail : Dato' Seri Datin Seri Dr. Wan Azizah binti Wan Ismail (Jawi: وان عزيزة بنت وان إسماعيل; born 3 December 1952) is a Malaysian politician who served as the 12th Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Women, Family and Community Development in the Pakatan Harapan (PH) administration under former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad from May 2018 to the collapse of the PH administration in February 2020.
Ursula Haubner : Ursula Haubner (born 22 December 1945) is an Austrian politician of the Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ), formerly of the Austrian Freedom Party (FPÖ).
Virginia Madsen : Her other film appearances include "Long Gone" (1987), "Gotham" (1988), "Heart of Dixie" (1989), "The Hot Spot" (1990), "Blue Tiger" (1994), "The Prophecy" (1995), "Ghosts of Mississippi" (1996), "The Rainmaker" (1997), "The Haunting" (1999), "A Prairie Home Companion" (2006), "The Astronaut Farmer" (2007), "Diminished Capacity" (2008),"The Haunting in Connecticut" (2009), "Red Riding Hood" (2011), "All the Wilderness" (2014), "Joy" (2015), "Better Watch Out" (2017), and "Her Smell" (2018).
Deeyah Khan : The film received its UK premiere at the Raindance Film Festival in London September 2012.
Deeyah Khan : Deeyah Khan ( , ] , born 7 August 1977) is a Norwegian British documentary film director and human rights activist of Punjabi/Pashtun descent.
Fiona Yuen : Yuen went to Hong Kong and took part in the 1996 Miss Hong Kong Pageant, where she was second runner-up and won the Miss International Goodwill award.
Fiona Yuen : Fiona Yuen Choi Wan (; born 20 January 1976 in Cologne) is a German-born Hong Kong model and actress.
Emma Roberts : As of March 2019, Roberts is in a relationship with actor Garrett Hedlund.
Emma Roberts : Peters confirmed in March 2014 that he and Roberts were engaged.
Emma Roberts : Roberts began dating actor Evan Peters in 2012 after they worked together in the film "Adult World".
Emma Roberts : In September 2011, Roberts began attending Sarah Lawrence College but by January 2012, she had put her studies on hold to concentrate on work commitments.
Emma Roberts : In June 2016, the Human Rights Campaign released a video in tribute to the victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting; in the video, Roberts and others told the stories of the people killed there.
Emma Roberts : She has appeared multiple times as part of "Teen Vogue"'s Best Dressed list, including in June 2007, September 2008, December 2008, and February 2009.
Emma Roberts : Directed by Osgood Perkins, the film premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
Yuki Hsu : Yuki Hsu (born 3 March 1978) is a Taiwanese singer and actress from Taiwan.
Julia Ann : She has referred to fellow pornographic actress Christy Canyon as one of her "idols" in the business.
Sola Aoi : On January 3, 2018, Aoi announced her marriage to musician DJ Non and on December 12, 2018 she announced pregnancy with her first child.
Anke Huber : Anke Huber (born 4 December 1974) is a German retired top-five professional tennis player.
Katherine Jackson : In 1990, Jackson released her autobiography, "My Family, The Jacksons", which documented her early years and her relationship with her husband and their children, eight of whom wrote salutes to their mother in the book's foreword.
Katherine Jackson : In August 1974, Joe and Cheryl Terrell's daughter, Joh'Vonnie Jackson, was born.
Emma Donoghue : Donoghue was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1969.
Emma Donoghue : She has a first-class honours Bachelor of Arts degree from University College Dublin (in English and French) and a PhD in English from Girton College, Cambridge.
Youmi Kimura : Kimura worked with Miyazaki on "Howl's Moving Castle", writing a song for it.
Amélie Nothomb : A prolific author, since the publication of her first novel "Hygiene and the Assassin" in 1992, at the age of twenty-six, she has published a book a year.
Amélie Nothomb : Research shows Amélie Nothomb was born in Etterbeek, Brussels-Capital Region on 9 July 1966.
Amélie Nothomb : A documentary — "Amélie Nothomb: une vie entre deux eaux" (a life between two waters) — co-written and directed by Laurelinne Amanieux and Luca Chiari, about Amélie's return to Japan and rediscovery of the beauty of the landscapes, the peaceful rites, the sadness of Fukushima, but especially, the meeting with her Japanese nursemaid, Nishio San was made in 2012.
Tomoko Kaneda : On November 21, 2013 she announced her marriage to actor Wataru Mori.
Tomoko Kaneda : Her height was 146 cm (4.79ft), when she was 29 years old.
Tomoko Kaneda : It has been reported that her voice is capable of producing sounds at a frequency beyond that of human hearing.
Tomohiro Nishimura : Since 2003, Nishimura has been the representative of OMO Ltd., being involved in various activities as a sound director for games, OVAs and CD dramas.
Vivienne Tam : Vivienne Tam was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China, and moved to Hong Kong at the age of three.
Mahiru Konno : Konno is a former member of the Takarazuka Revue.
Mahiru Konno : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mahiru Konno : She married her husband, a pilot, in 2008.
Kazuko Sugiyama : In February 2010, she received a "Merit Awards" from the 4th Seiyu Awards.
Mitsuki Saiga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jakucho Setouchi : After a love affair with one of her husband's students, she left her house and got an official divorce before leaving for Tōkyō and in order to pursue a writing career.
Zuzana Smatanová : In 1998 she was accepted to Pedagogical and Social Academy in Turčianske Teplice, but was more attracted to writing music than to being a teacher
Zuzana Smatanová : She also collaborated with Desmod (song "Pár dní" from "Skupinová terapia" album, and song "Čiernobiela" from "Kyvadlo" album) and IMT Smile (songs "Suzanna" and "Úsmev a čaj (I Am Tea-Smile)" from "Exotica" album).
Bárbara Dührkop Dührkop : Bárbara Dührkop Dührkop (born 27 July 1945, in Hanover) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Bárbara Dührkop Dührkop : Her husband Enrique Casas was assassinated by the Comandos Autónomos Anticapitalistas (CAA) in 1984.
Elena Valenciano : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elena Valenciano : During the 2015 presidential elections in Haiti, Valenciano headed the European Union's observation mission to monitor the preparations and organization of the vote.
Elena Valenciano : Valenciano was widely perceived to have beaten Arias in the debate, yet the PSOE returned just 14 MEPs to the Parliament, nine fewer than it had in 2009.
Elena Valenciano : María Elena Valenciano Martínez-Orozco (born 18 September 1960) is a Spanish politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.
Elena Valenciano : In February 2014, the Spanish Socialist Workers Party chose Valenciano as its lead candidate for the European elections; at the time, PSOE was the second biggest Socialist party delegation in the European Parliament's S&D Group, with 23 MEPs.
Elena Valenciano : In addition, she served on the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), the delegation for relations with the Maghreb countries and the Arab Maghreb Union, and the delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Union for the Mediterranean.
Maria Bello : Following graduation, Bello honed her acting skills in a number of New York theater productions.
Maria Bello : Bello has a son with her former boyfriend Dan McDermott.
Maria Bello : On television, Bello appeared as Dr. Anna Del Amico on the medical drama "ER" (1997–1998), with other starring roles including as Lucy Robbins on the series "Touch" in 2013, as Michelle McBride on the first season of the series "Goliath" in 2016, and from 2017 to 2021 as Special Agent Jacqueline "Jack" Sloane on the series "NCIS".
Nellie Kim : Nellie Kim was born in Shurab, Tajik SSR, Soviet Union.
Reiko Takashima : Takashima starred in Shinji Aoyama's 1999 film, "EM Embalming".
Chanda Rubin : Chanda Rubin (born February 18, 1976) is an American former top 10 professional tennis player.
Miwa Yoshida : Yoshida also fronts a Dreams Come True side-project called "Funk the Peanuts", and has released two solo albums, "Beauty and Harmony" and "Beauty and Harmony 2".
Miwa Yoshida : In March 2012, she announced that she had married Juon Kamata, the lead singer of the Japanese rock band Fuzzy Control.
Jayne Torvill : Torvill was born in Clifton, Nottingham, England, and grew up in Nottingham, attending Clifton Hall Girls' Grammar School and worked in the city as an insurance clerk at Norwich Union.
Barbara Liskov : With Jeannette Wing, she developed a particular definition of subtyping, commonly known as the Liskov substitution principle.
Barbara Liskov : Liskov has led many significant projects, including the Venus operating system, a small, low-cost and interactive timesharing system; the design and implementation of CLU; Argus, the first high-level language to support implementation of distributed programs and to demonstrate the technique of promise pipelining; and Thor, an object-oriented database system.
Barbara Liskov : Barbara Liskov (born November 7, 1939 as Barbara Jane Huberman) is an American computer scientist who is an Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Ford Professor of Engineering in its School of Engineering's electrical engineering and computer science department.
Barbara Liskov : Liskov is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).
Carolyn Murphy : Murphy and Schroeder divorced in 2002.
Karen McDougal : In November 2016, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that McDougal had told a friend that she had an affair with a married Donald Trump from 2006 to 2007, with various sources quoting that it had lasted from ten months to a year.
Yukari Yoshihara : Umezawa is married to Shinya Yoshihara.
Yukari Yoshihara : She also became a consultant for the anime version of "Hikaru no Go" and hosted Go educational programs on NHK.
Yukari Yoshihara : Yukari Umezawa was born in Tokyo in 1973, and graduated from Keio University in 1996.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : 1944).
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : 1944).
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : She was invited to join the Trilateral Commission and became an official member in April 2013.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : She speaks Croatian, English, Spanish and Portuguese fluently and has basic understanding of German, French and Italian.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Grabar-Kitarović is a practising Roman Catholic.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Following the HDZ's victory in the 2007 parliamentary election and the subsequent formation of the Second Sanader Cabinet, she was reappointed as foreign minister, but was suddenly removed from the position on 12 January 2008.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Grabar-Kitarović has been married to Jakov Kitarović since 1996 and they have two children: Katarina (born on 23 April 2001), a figure skater and Croatia's national junior champion; and Luka (born c. 2003).
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Grabar-Kitarović criticized the hard process of adoption and stated that "the whole system has to be reformed so that through education and social measures it enables every woman to give birth to a child, and that mother and the child can eventually be taken care of in an appropriate manner."
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Grabar-Kitarović expressed her condolences to Slobodan Praljak's family after he committed suicide in The Hague where he was facing trial, calling him "a man who preferred to give his life, rather than to live, having been convicted of crimes he firmly believed he had not committed", adding that "his act struck deeply at the heart of the Croatian people and left the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia with the weight of eternal doubt about the accomplishment of its tasks".
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Two years later, she was elected to the Croatian Parliament from the seventh electoral district as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union in the 2003 parliamentary elections.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : She was minister of European Affairs from 2003 to 2005, the first female minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration from 2005 to 2008, Croatian ambassador to the United States from 2008 to 2011 and assistant secretary general for public diplomacy at NATO under Secretaries General Anders Fogh Rasmussen and Jens Stoltenberg from 2011 to 2014.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : Grabar-Kitarović was a member of the conservative Croatian Democratic Union party from 1993 to 2015 and was also one of three Croatian members of the Trilateral Commission, but she was required to resign both positions upon taking office as president in 2015, as Croatian presidents are not permitted to hold other political positions or party membership while in office.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : According to the analytics company Mediatoolkit, she "emerged as her country’s star of the tournament" with "25% more focus on her in news stories about the final than any of the players on the pitch", as she "travelled to Russia at her own expense in economy class and often watched from the non-VIP stands".
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : In September 2015, after Hungary constructed a fence and closed its border with Serbia, the flow of migrants was redirected towards Croatia, causing over 21,000 migrants to enter the country by 19 September, with the number rising to 39,000 immigrants, while 32,000 migrants exited Croatia, leaving through Slovenia and Hungary.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović : In the first round of election in December 2014 Grabar-Kitarović won 37.2% of the vote, second to Josipović who received 38.5%, while Sinčić and Kujundžić won 16.4% and 6.3% of the vote respectively.
Rie fu : Her artwork is published under the Roman transliteration "Rie Funakoshi" and her music under "Rie fu," the abbreviation of her full name.
Lilian Garcia : On December 26, she announced that her father had died on Christmas Day.
Lilian Garcia : On August 1, 2016, Garcia announced her departure from WWE due to wanting to care for her ailing father, who was battling two different unidentified types of cancer.
Carrie Underwood : Underwood has also done a "Protect Your Pets" public service announcement for Do Something.
Carrie Underwood : She appeared on the holiday CD "Hear Something Country Christmas 2007" with a rendition of "Do You Hear What I Hear?".
Carrie Underwood : In January 2017, she received her ninth People's Choice award, winning Favorite Female Country Artist.
Carrie Underwood : As a result of their fund raising efforts, the SU2C scientific advisory committee, overseen by the American Association for Cancer Research was able to award $73.6 million towards novel, groundbreaking research.
Carrie Underwood : Underwood performed with the USO Christmas Tour in Iraq during the 2006 Holiday season.
Carrie Underwood : In August 2008, the "Jesus, Take the Wheel" ringtone was reported to have been certified Platinum, making Underwood the first country artist ever to have two songs hit Platinum Mastertone status together with "Before He Cheats", which had been certified earlier in 2007.
Wang Xiaoyun : She gained bachelor (1987), master (1990) and doctorate (1993) degrees at Shandong University, and subsequently lectured in the mathematics department from 1993.
Wang Xiaoyun : At the rump session of CRYPTO 2004, she and co-authors demonstrated collision attacks against MD5, SHA-0 and other related hash functions (a collision occurs when two distinct messages result in the same hash function output).
Kyra Sedgwick : Sedgwick graduated from Friends Seminary and attended Sarah Lawrence College before transferring to the University of Southern California, where she graduated with a theater degree.
Kyra Sedgwick : The couple has two children, Travis Sedgwick Bacon and actress Sosie Ruth Bacon.
Kyra Sedgwick : A member of the Sedgwick family on her father's side, she is a descendant of Major General Robert Sedgwick, Judge Theodore Sedgwick, Endicott Peabody (the founder of the Groton School), William Ellery (a signer of the Declaration of Independence), Samuel Appleton, John Lathrop, of Boston, Massachusetts, and is the great-granddaughter of Henry Dwight Sedgwick III, thus the corresponding niece to his brother Ellery Sedgwick, owner/editor (1908-1938) of "The Atlantic Monthly".
Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna of Russia : In 1911, when a member of Maria Vladimirovna's mother's family, Prince Konstantin Alexandrovich Bagration-Mukhransky (who belonged to the House of Bagration that reigned as kings in Georgia until annexation by the Russian Empire in the 1800s) married Princess Tatiana Constantinovna of Russia, Nicholas II required that she renounce her rights to the Imperial Throne.
Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna of Russia : Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna of Russia ( ; born 23 December 1953) has been a claimant to the headship of the Imperial Family of Russia (who reigned as Emperors and Autocrats of All the Russias from 1613 to 1917) since 1992.
Barbara Kruger : Kruger lives and works in New York and Los Angeles.
Yoshino Kimura : In 2007, Kimura took the title role in a TV Asahi tanpatsu (単発, TV movie), entitled "Teresa Teng Monogatari" (テレサ・テン物語), portraying the late Taiwanese superstar, who was (and continues to be) popular throughout Asia.
Flavia Pennetta : Flavia Pennetta (] ; born 25 February 1982) is a retired Italian tennis player and Grand Slam champion in both singles and doubles.
Andrea Allan : Andrea Allan (born 18 November 1946) is a Scottish-born actress who appeared in many British films of the 1960s and '70s.
Josephine Siao : Josephine Siao Fong-fong {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ) is a Hong Kong film star who became popular as a child actress and continued her success as a mature actress, winning numerous awards including Best Actress at the 45th Berlin International Film Festival (for "Summer Snow").
Natsumi Abe : It was announced on October 19, 2008, on the official Hello!
Natsumi Abe : On August 13, 2003, she released her first single, "22 Sai no Watashi," which means "Me, 22 years old," just a few days after her 22nd birthday.
Natsumi Abe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Song Xiuyan : After a long career in the provincial government of Qinghai in Northwest China, she was elected as Governor of the province on January 23, 2005.
Yang Liping : They couple met in 1990 and married in 1995, but Yang wants to dance long-term dieting and cannot be pregnant.
Ana Vidović : Vidović has won a number of prizes and competitions, including first prizes in the Albert Augustine International Competition in Bath, England, the Fernando Sor competition in Rome, Italy, and the Francisco Tárrega competition in Benicàssim, Spain.
Katsura Hoshino : Publication resumed in March 2009.
Katsura Hoshino : Hoshino collaborated with Kata Kizaki, the author of the novel adaptations, to create the character Bak Chan.
Mari Yaguchi : Project concerts.
Mari Yaguchi : On May 21, 2013, "Josei Seven" reported that Yaguchi and Nakamura had been living apart since late February after Nakamura discovered she was having an extramarital affair with model Kenzo Umeda through used bedsheets and Umeda hiding in the closet naked.
Mari Yaguchi : Yaguchi's first solo recording, "Nigiyaka na Fuyu," a collaboration with Berryz Kobo, appears as the coupling track on Berryz Kobo's November 2005 single "Gag 100kaibun Aishite Kudasai" for "Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart the Movie 2: Friends of the Snow-Laden Sky".
Mari Yaguchi : Yaguchi and seven Hello!
Mari Yaguchi : In 2003, she participated in the girl groups ZYX, Romans, and Morning Musume Sakuragumi.
Tatiana Golovin : 12.
Tatiana Golovin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yeh Chu-lan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yeh Chu-lan : Yeh was amongst the front runners to serve as DPP 2008 presidential candidate Frank Hsieh's vice-presidential running mate, however former Premier and DPP Chairman Su Tseng-chang was eventually chosen for the role.
Rachael Bella : Rachael Bella Zvagelsky (née Kneeland, born March 13, 1984) known professionally as Rachael Bella, is a retired American actress.
Rachael Bella : She also appeared in the 2007 spoof horror film "Drive-Thru" as Starfire, the stoner member of a rock band.
Lucy Pinder : Lucy Katherine Pinder (born 20 December 1983) is an English actress, television personality, and former glamour model.
Sayako Kuroda : Princess Sayako was born on 18 April 1969 at the Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace, Tokyo.
Brigitte Lin : Lin married Hong Kong businessman Michael Ying in 1994.
Rita Fan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Daniella Sarahyba : Sarahyba was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and her mother, Mara Lúcia Sarahyba, was also a model in Brazil.
Reiko Aylesworth : Reiko M. Aylesworth (born December 9, 1972) is an American film, television and stage actress, best known for her role on the television series "24" as Michelle Dessler.
Amy Klobuchar : Amy Jean Klobuchar ( ; born May 25, 1960) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the senior United States senator from Minnesota since 2007.
Regina King : Principal photography began in January 2020.
Geraldine McCaughrean : McCaughrean has won several annual book awards.
Geraldine McCaughrean : McCaughrean has written many other children's fiction books including "The Kite Rider", "The Stones Are Hatching", and "Plundering Paradise".
Geraldine McCaughrean : Geraldine McCaughrean ( ; born 6 June 1951) is a British children's novelist.
Geraldine McCaughrean : She was elected an Honorary Fellow of Canterbury Christ Church University in 2006 and a Fellow of the English Association in 2010.
Patty Hou : She was a news anchor for TTV, Era News and CTi before resigning in 2004 and venturing into the entertainment scene.
Martha Layne Collins : She also chaired the Southern Growth Policies Board, Southern States Energy Board, and was co-chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission.
Martha Layne Collins : While the suit was pending, the "Lexington Herald-Leader" reported that the administration had failed to include the interest on the bonds used to finance the expenditures in its estimation of the cost; this, plus the cost overruns reported by the "Herald-Leader", had already pushed the total cost of the package to about $354 million by late September 1986.
Martha Layne Collins : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Martha Layne Collins : The state's unemployment rate fell from 9.7 percent in October 1983 to 7.2 percent in October 1987; according to the administration's own figures, they created a net increase of 73,000 jobs in the state during Collins's tenure.
Martha Layne Collins : Martha Layne Collins (née Hall; born December 7, 1936) is an American former businesswoman and politician from the Commonwealth of Kentucky; she was elected as the state's 56th governor from 1983 to 1987, the first woman to hold the office and the only one to date.
Martha Layne Collins : Women Leading Kentucky, a non-profit group designed to promote education, mentorship, and networking among Kentucky professional women, created the Martha Layne Collins Leadership Award in 1999 to recognize "a Kentucky woman of achievement who inspires and motivates other women through her personal, community and professional lives"; Collins was the first recipient of the award.
Martha Layne Collins : Collins announced a new education package in June 1985 that included a five percent across-the-board pay raise for teachers, a reduction in class sizes, funding for construction projects, aides for every kindergarten teacher in the state, and a "power equalization" program to make funding for poorer school districts more equal to that of their more affluent counterparts.
Rebiya Kadeer : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani : In the 1997 presidential elections, Rafsanjani supported Mohammad Khatami.
Amanda Palmer : It's not very practical
Amanda Palmer : And stand very, very still
Amanda Palmer : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amanda Palmer : In April 2009, she played at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
Amanda Palmer : In June 2007, as part of the Dresden Dolls, she toured with the True Colors Tour 2007, including her debut in New York City's Radio City Music Hall, and her first review in "The New York Times".
Amanda Palmer : The same year The Dresden Dolls reunited for a United States tour starting on Halloween in New York City and ending in San Francisco on New Year's Eve.
Amanda Palmer : In June 2008, Palmer established her solo career with two well-received performances with the Boston Pops.
Amanda Palmer : as well as on the "A is for Accident" track "Glass Slipper":
Amanda Palmer : In late 2008, she toured Europe with Jason Webley, Zoë Keating and The Danger Ensemble, performing songs mostly from her debut solo album.
Amanda Palmer : With an interest in the performing arts, both in music and in theatre, Palmer spent time busking as a living statue called "The Eight Foot Bride" in Harvard Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts; Edinburgh, Scotland; Australia (where she met Jason Webley); as well as many other locations.
Amanda Palmer : Amanda MacKinnon Gaiman Palmer (born April 30, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and performance artist who was the lead vocalist, pianist, and lyricist of the duo The Dresden Dolls.
Amanda Palmer : In July 2008, the Dresden Dolls released a second book, the "Virginia Companion", a follow-up to "The Dresden Dolls Companion", featuring the music and lyrics from the "Yes, Virginia..."(2006) and "No, Virginia..." (2008) albums, produced by Sean Slade and Paul Kolderie.
Amanda Palmer : The book also contains the lyrics, sheet music, and notes on each song in the album, all written by Palmer, as well as a DVD with a 20-minute interview of Amanda about making the book.
Amanda Palmer : The Kickstarter project was ultimately supported by 24,883 backers for a grand total of $1,192,793 — at the time, the most funds ever raised for a musical project on Kickstarter.
Amanda Palmer : On November 9, 2012, Palmer launched released the music video for "Do it With a Rockstar" on The Flaming Lips' website.
Sheryl Sandberg : In 2012, she became the eighth member (and the first woman) of Facebook's board of directors.
Sheryl Sandberg : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sheryl Sandberg : In 2004, she married Dave Goldberg, then an executive with Yahoo!
Sheryl Sandberg : In 1993, she enrolled at Harvard Business School and in 1995 she earned her MBA with highest distinction.
Sheryl Sandberg : The book concerns business leadership and development, issues with the lack of women in government and business leadership positions, and feminism.
Sheryl Sandberg : Sandberg was born in 1969 in Washington, D.C., to a Jewish family, the daughter of Adele (née Einhorn) and Joel Sandberg, and the oldest of three children.
Joannie Rochette : She is the 2010 Olympic bronze medallist, the 2009 World silver medallist, the 2008 and 2009 Four Continents silver medallist, the 2004 Grand Prix Final bronze medallist, and a six-time (2005–10) Canadian national champion.
Carolina Kostner : Small medals for short program and free skating awarded only at ISU Championships.
Alice Sebold : Sebold won the American Booksellers Association Book of the Year Award for Adult Fiction in 2003 "The Lovely Bones" and the Bram Stoker Award for First Novel in 2002.
Alice Sebold : Alice Sebold (born September 6, 1963) is an American writer and author of three books including her memoir, "Lucky" (1999), and two fiction novels,"The Lovely Bones" (2002), and "The Almost Moon" (2007).
Alice Sebold : Sebold returned home to Pennsylvania for the summer before returning to Syracuse University to finish her bachelor's degree and study writing.
Alice Sebold : "The Lovely Bones" remained on "The New York Times" Bestseller list for over one year and was adapted into a 2010 film of the same name by Peter Jackson starring Saoirse Ronan as Susie Salmon, Susan Sarandon as Grandma Lynn, Stanley Tucci as George Harvey, Mark Wahlberg as Jack Salmon, and Rachel Weisz as Abigail Salmon.
Shobhaa De : During the 2016 Olympics, De suggested in a tweet that Indian athletes visit the Olympics merely to take selfies, waste opportunity and money.
Shobhaa De : After making her name as a model, she began a career in journalism in 1970, during the course of which she founded and edited three magazines—"Stardust", "Society", and "Celebrity".
Shobhaa De : Shobhaa De was born Shobha Rajadhyaksha on 7 January 1948 in a Maharashtrian family in Satara district, Maharashtra and brought up in Girgaon, Mumbai, India.
Akemi Takada : Takada began working for Tatsunoko productions after visiting the production office as a fan during the broadcast of "Gatchaman".
Akemi Takada : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kyung Wha Chung : Kyung Wha Chung (born 26 March 1948) is a South Korean violinist.
Kyung Wha Chung : Chung has two sons, Frederick and Eugene, from her past marriage to the British businessman Geoffrey Leggett.
Kyung Wha Chung : She followed her older flautist sister Myung-Soh Chung in attending the Juilliard School in New York, where she studied with Ivan Galamian.
Kyung Wha Chung : In 1967, Chung and Pinchas Zukerman were the joint winners of the Edgar Leventritt Competition, the first time for such an outcome in the history of the competition.
Kyung Wha Chung : In 2011, she received the Ho-Am Prize in the Arts division in recognition of her 40-year-long career as a violinist and educator.
Roza Otunbayeva : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Roza Otunbayeva : She graduated from the Philosophy Faculty of Moscow State University in 1972 and went on to teach as Senior Teacher and then as Head of the Philosophy Department at Kyrgyz State National University for six years (1975–1981).
Roza Otunbayeva : Roza Isakovna Otunbayeva (Kyrgyz: Роза Исаковна (Исак кызы) Отунбаева, Roza İsaqovna (İsaq qızı) Otunbayeva; born August 23, 1950) is a Kyrgyz diplomat and politician who served as the President of Kyrgyzstan from 7 April 2010 until 1 December 2011, becoming the first female Central Asian Head of State.
Natalie Zemon Davis : Natalie Zemon Davis, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 8 November 1928) is a Canadian and American historian of the early modern period.
Kaoru Mori : In 2010, Mori's first published work, "Shirley", was revived in a two-part continuation called "Shirley Madison" in "Fellows!"
Mitchell Baker : Baker's husband is Casey Dunn and she has one son.
Mitchell Baker : In 2018 she received a total of $2,458,350 in compensation from Mozilla, which represents a 400% payrise since 2008.
Mitchell Baker : In 2009, Baker received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award for Leadership.
Mitchell Baker : Mitchell Baker was listed among the 2005 Top 100 by "Time", in the "Scientists & Thinkers" section.
Mitchell Baker : In 2012, Baker was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame by the Internet Society.
Mitchell Baker : She received her JD from the Boalt Hall School of Law, University of California, Berkeley in 1987 and was admitted to the State Bar of California in the same year.
Mitchell Baker : On January 8, 2008, Mozilla announced that Baker, while retaining her role as Chairperson of the Mozilla Foundation, would no longer serve as CEO of the Corporation, and that MoCo's Chief Operating Officer John Lilly would take over this role.
Mitchell Baker : When the Mozilla Corporation was launched as a taxable subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation on August 3, 2005, Baker was named the CEO of the new entity.
Mitchell Baker : Winifred Mitchell Baker (born 1957) is the Executive Chairwoman and CEO of the Mozilla Foundation and of Mozilla Corporation, a subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation that coordinates development of the open source Mozilla Internet applications, including the Mozilla Firefox web browser.
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Logan Tom : Logan Maile Lei Tom (born May 25, 1981) is an American indoor volleyball and beach volleyball player.
Logan Tom : In 2004, Tom posed in a bikini for an "FHM" magazine article on female Olympic athletes, and one year later was ranked 91st of the magazine's 100 sexiest women list.
Tang Jiali : Tang Jiali (; born July 13, 1976 in Hefei, Anhui) is a Chinese dancer and model who became a celebrity and household name in the China in 2003 by being the first woman to sell books of nude artistic photographs of herself since the lifting of many of the previous restrictions on distribution and sale of such photographs.
Junko Mihara : Mihara remained involved in racing—particularly the JGTC's successor Super GT—after entering politics, serving as the secretary general of the Liberal Democratic Party's Parliamentary League for Motorsports.
Junko Mihara : In March 2015, when speaking about dealing with tax evasion she urged Prime Minister Shinzō Abe to promote "hakkō ichiu", a slogan meaning "the world under one roof", meaning the world united under the Japanese empire.
Ayami Kojima : She worked on the packaging artwork for physical copies of the game "" for those who donated 100 dollars or more.
Kenix Kwok : Kenix Kwok Ho-ying (born 27 November 1969) is a Hong Kong actress with family roots in Zhongshan, Guangdong, China.
Sharon Lechter : Sharon L. Lechter (born January 12, 1954) is an American accountant, author, and businesswoman.
Audrey Eu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Audrey Eu : She earned her Bachelor of Laws from the University of Hong Kong and her Master of Laws from the London School of Economics.
Audrey Eu : Audrey Eu Yuet-mee {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and was founding leader of the Civic Party.
Audrey Eu : In 2002, when the Hong Kong Government wanted to alter the existing Article 23 concerning treason and sedition, Eu, with some other notable members of the Bar, including Alan Leong, Margaret Ng, Ronny Tong, formed the Basic Law Article 23 Concern Group.
Alia Sabur : Alia Sabur (born February 22, 1989) is an American materials scientist.
Alia Sabur : The "Guinness Book of World Records" named Sabur the World's Youngest Professor, replacing Colin Maclaurin's mathematics Professorship at the University of Aberdeen at the age of 19.
Sophia Myles : Her paternal grandmother was Russian, and Myles refers to herself as "half-Welsh, half-Russian".
Sophia Myles : Sophia Jane Myles ( ; born 18 March 1980) is an English actress.
Ayako Sono : She went to the Catholic Sacred Heart School in Tokyo after elementary school.
Karen Mok : Karen Mok (born Karen Joy Morris (); 2 June 1970) is a Hong Kong pop singer who is one of the leading Asian pop singers and actresses with a career spanning three decades.
Karen Mok : Mok has been the face of leading global brands such as Cadillac, Canon, Cartier, Chow Tai Fook, Clear, Kappa, Lux, Mandarin Oriental, Schwarzkopf, Schweppes, and Solvil et Titus.
Ai Fukuhara : She carried the Olympic flame when it traveled to Tokyo in 2004.
Marion Raven : Marion Elise Ravn (born 25 May 1984), better known abroad as Marion Raven, is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
Margaret Ng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margaret Ng : On 18 April 2020, Ng was arrested as one of 15 Hong Kong high-profile democracy figures, on suspicion of organizing, publicizing or taking part in several unauthorized assemblies between August and October 2019 in the course of the anti-extradition bill protests.
Lina Krasnoroutskaya : However, a shoulder injury at the end of 2003, then a liver condition in 2004, followed by stomach problems at the start of 2005 meant that she had considered (March 2005) whether to continue on the pro tour.
Lina Krasnoroutskaya : Lina Vladimirovna Krasnoroutskaya ( ; born 29 April 1984) is a retired tennis player.
Rachael Yamagata : Yamagata's songs have appeared in a number of films and television shows.
Rachael Yamagata : In April 2009, Yamagata performed her song "Elephants" on the television drama "One Life to Live".
Rachael Yamagata : In May 2008, Yamagata released a three-song EP, "Loose Ends".
Rachael Yamagata : That month, her two-song live acoustic video performance appeared on "LiveDaily Sessions" and featured the songs "Faster" and "Sunday Afternoon".
Rachael Yamagata : Rachael Yamagata (born September 23, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist from Arlington, Virginia.
Ellen Pompeo : Ellen Kathleen Pompeo (born November 10, 1969) is an American actress and producer.
Ellen Pompeo : Pompeo landed her first major role in 2005 on the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy", created by Shonda Rhimes.
Janice Dickinson : She appeared on the cover of "Elle" seven times in a row and has been the face of ad campaigns for brands including Revlon, Alberto VO5, Balmain, Obao, Christian Dior, Clairol, Hush Puppies, Orbit gum, Max Factor, Virginia Slims, and Cutex.
Janice Dickinson : Janice Doreen Dickinson (born February 16, 1955) is an American model, television personality, businesswoman, and actress.
Frances Conroy : During the 1971–72 school year, she was a student at Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, where she was a member of the Mermaid Players and appeared in college theatrical productions.
Frances Conroy : She was a member of Juilliard's Drama Division "Group 6" (1973–1977) which also included Kevin Conroy (no relation), Kelsey Grammer, Harriet Sansom Harris, and Robin Williams.
Frances Conroy : Frances Hardman Conroy (born March 15, 1953) is an American actress.
Cornelia Funke : Her work has been translated into several languages and, as of 2012, Funke has sold over 20 million copies of her books worldwide.
Cornelia Funke : Since 2012, she has been one of the German ambassadors of the UN Decade on Biodiversity.
Cornelia Funke : Their daughter, Anna, was born in 1989 and soon after their son, Ben, was born in 1994.
Nyam-Osoryn Tuyaa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nyam-Osoryn Tuyaa : She also served as Chairperson of the 55th session of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP).
Brenda Song : In 2011, Song became engaged to musician Trace Cyrus, but then two years later called it off in 2013 but had an on off again relationship until 2017.
Brenda Song : She began acting at the age of five or six in a Little Caesars commercial, and then a Barbie commercial.
Brenda Song : Song was named an All-American Scholar in the ninth grade.
Brenda Song : Her first film role was in the 1995 "Requiem", an AFI student short film by actress Elizabeth Sung.
Katee Sackhoff : Her mother, Mary, was an English-as-second-language (ESL) program coordinator, and her father, Dennis, a land developer.
Katee Sackhoff : Kathryn Ann Sackhoff (born April 8, 1980) is an American actress known for playing Lieutenant Kara "Starbuck" Thrace on the Sci Fi Channel's television program "Battlestar Galactica" (2004–2009) and for voicing Bitch Pudding on "Robot Chicken" (2005–present).
Audrey Niffenegger : Audrey Niffenegger (born June 13, 1963) is an American writer, artist and academic.
Audrey Niffenegger : The 2004 short story "The Night Bookmobile" was serialized in 2008 in "Visual Novel" format in "The Guardian".
Audrey Niffenegger : Niffenegger describes herself as "somewhere in the spectrum of agnosticism and atheism" and ascribes her disbelief to her Catholic background.
Audrey Niffenegger : In March 2009, Niffenegger sold her second novel, a literary ghost story called "Her Fearful Symmetry", to Charles Scribner's Sons for an advance of $5 million.
Crystal Kay : Her seventh studio album, "All Yours" (2007) became Crystal Kay's first number-one release in her career when it debuted on top of the Oricon chart in June 2007.
Felicia Chin : Felicia Chin Foong Ling (; born 24 October 1984), who was also once known by her Chinese stage name Chen Jing Xuan ( ) from 2008 to 2013 is a Singaporean actress was named as one of the Seven Princesses of Mediacorp in 2006.
Chyler Leigh : She also supports The Thirst Project, a non-profit organization in America which aims to bring safe drinking water to communities around the world.
Chyler Leigh : Leigh is a Christian and credits her faith and a "really awesome church" with giving her and her husband "a reason to live".
Chyler Leigh : On June 18, 2017, a single "Spirit of Samba" of Laurent Voulzy was released featuring Leigh, Nina Miranda, Luisa Maita and Eloisia; in France has reached its maximum with the 99th position of the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP).
Chyler Leigh : In October 2015, Leigh began starring in a lead role in the CBS/CW DC Comics television show "Supergirl" as Alex Danvers, the elder adoptive sister of the titular character and a scientist and government agent at the DEO.
Chyler Leigh : In ABC's medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", Leigh first appeared as a woman in Joe's bar who was noticed by Derek Shepherd during the final two episodes of the third season, and her character is later revealed to be Lexie Grey, the younger half-sister of the titular character.
Audrey Tang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Audrey Tang : Tang initiated and led the Pugs project, a joint effort from the Haskell and Perl communities to implement the Perl 6 language; Tang also made contributions to internationalization and localization efforts for several Free Software programs, including SVK (a version-control software written in Perl for which Tang also wrote a large portion of the code), Request Tracker, and Slash, created Ethercalc building on Dan Bricklin's work on WikiCalc and their work together on SocialCalc, as well as heading Traditional Chinese translation efforts for various open source-related books.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : degree in 1994.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : degree in 1994.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : Thorning-Schmidt served as a Member of the European Parliament for Denmark from 1999 to 2004 before being elected to the Danish Parliament in 2005.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : Helle Thorning-Schmidt (] ; born 14 December 1966) is a Danish retired politician who served as the 26th Prime Minister of Denmark from 2011 to 2015, and Leader of the Social Democrats from 2005 to 2015.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Helle Thorning-Schmidt : She was elected to replace Mogens Lykketoft as Leader of the Social Democrats after the 2005 parliamentary election, leading her party through the 2007 parliamentary election, which was won by the centre-right alliance, and the 2011 parliamentary election, after which she was appointed Prime Minister by Queen Margrethe II.
Ana Ivanovic : 4.
Christy Chung : Chung married Glen Ross in 1998, and gave birth to their daughter Yasmine in Montreal in the middle of the 1998 Ice Storm.
Christy Chung : Chung was born in Montreal to a Chinese-Vietnamese father and a native Vietnamese mother.
Anni Sinnemäki :  Media related to
Anni Sinnemäki :  Media related to
Anni Sinnemäki : Sinnemäki has defended the raising of development aid to 0.7% of GDP in parliament budget negotiations.
Anni Sinnemäki : Her daughter, Siiri, was born in 1990, when Sinnemäki was sixteen.
Anni Sinnemäki : Anni Milja Maaria Sinnemäki (born 20 July 1973) is a Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament between 1999 and 2015, representing the Green League.
Anni Sinnemäki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sui Feifei : Sui Feifei (; born January 29, 1979, in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese basketball player who was signed with the Sacramento Monarchs of the WNBA.
Victoria de Marichalar y Borbón : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victoria de Marichalar y Borbón : Doña Victoria Federica de Todos los Santos de Marichalar y Borbón (born 9 September 2000) is the younger child and only daughter of the Spanish Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo, and Don Jaime de Marichalar.
Tomiko Van : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tomiko Van : She divorced her husband in July 2018.
Kelli Garner : Garner was born in Bakersfield, California, and spent her early childhood in Newbury Park before her family settled in Thousand Oaks.
Kelli Garner : Garner was next cast in Alexandre Aja's horror-fantasy "Horns" (2014) with Daniel Radcliffe, and played the title role in the Lifetime mini-series "The Secret Life of Marilyn Monroe", opposite Susan Sarandon as her mother.
Karolína Kurková : Prominent fashion houses such as Yves Saint Laurent signed Kurková to contracts, while print campaigns for Chanel, Tommy Hilfiger, Max Mara, Bottega Veneta, Donna Karan, Celine, Fendi, Elie Saab, rag & bone, Jean Paul Gaultier, Roberto Cavalli, Valentino, Louis Vuitton, John Galliano, Mango, Christian Dior, Hugo Boss, Versace, H&M, and others helped expose her even more.
Jill Paton Walsh : In 1998, she won the Phoenix Award from the Children's Literature Association, recognising "A Chance Child" as the best children's book published twenty years earlier that did not win a major award.
Jill Paton Walsh : Jill Paton Walsh, Baroness Hemingford, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Bliss; 29 April 1937 – 18 October 2020) was an English novelist and children's writer.
Jill Stein : So are we."
Jill Stein : On the same day in Wisconsin a U.S. District Judge denied an emergency halt to the recount, allowing it to continue until a December 9, 2016 hearing.
Jill Stein : Jill Ellen Stein (born May 14, 1950) is an American physician, activist, and former political candidate.
Jill Stein : <templatestyles src="Template:TOC limit/styles.css" />
Louise Fréchette : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Louise Fréchette : She also served a three-year term at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, an international relations and policy think-tank in Waterloo, Ontario, working on a major research project on nuclear energy and the world's security.
Louise Fréchette : In 2005, after being criticized by former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker for failed management of the Iraq Oil-for-Food Program, Fréchette announced her resignation.
Louise Fréchette : Born in Montreal, Fréchette graduated with a degree in history from the Université de Montréal in 1970 and from the College of Europe (Bruges) with a postgraduate Certificate of Advanced European Studies (equivalent to a master's degree) in 1978.
Molly Parker : In 2009, Parker separated from her husband, Bissonnette and later divorced.
Molly Parker : In 2014, she appeared as Congresswoman Jacqueline Sharp in the second season of the Netflix series "House of Cards".
Molly Parker : Parker portrayed Alice Ramsey in "The Wrath of Kali" (1995), a fourth-season episode of "".
Margo Harshman : Margo Cathleen Harshman (born March 4, 1986) is an American actress known for her role as Tawny Dean on "Even Stevens", her role as Alex Jensen (Sheldon Cooper's assistant) on "The Big Bang Theory", and her role as Delilah Fielding-McGee (Timothy McGee's paraplegic wife) on "NCIS".
Teresa Kok : Teresa Kok Suh Sim (; born 31 March 1964) is a Malaysian politician who served as the Minister of Primary Industries in the Pakatan Harapan (PH) administration under former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad from July 2018 to the collapse of the PH administration in February 2020.
Teresa Kok : In view of the bad market of palm oil, she launches few palm oil drinking campaign to boost the market demand on the palm oil and further inviting local tour guide to become the ambassadors for palm oil.
Anna Sui : The following is an incomplete list of Sui's literary works:
Anna Sui : Sui introduced her fragrance and line in 1999 with Wella AG, to date the designer has launched a variety of cosmetic items and 30 individual fragrance products with most coming in different sizes.
Anna Sui : The following is an incomplete list of Sui's fashion shows and collections:
Anna Sui : In 1993, the Anna Sui Corporation opened a store in Hollywood at La Brea Avenue expanding coverage and controlling North American distribution.
Anna Sui : Sui's designs continue to attract many famous clients such as Blake Lively, Naomi Campbell, Sofia Coppola, Liv Tyler, the Duchess of Cambridge and Courtney Love.
Anna Sui : In 2010, Sui collaborated with Andrew Bolton to publish a book chronicling her 20-year career.
Anna Sui : In 2003, the designer launched her Dolly Girl fragrance together with several limited edition sets in the Dolly Girl series.
Anna Sui : Later in 2009, Sui was presented with the Classic Icon of Fashion Design award at the China Fashion Awards in Beijing and with the CFDA's Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award in her native New York City.
Anna Sui : For the Spring/Summer 1997 fashion collection, Sui drew considerable media attention when Dave Navarro of the Red Hot Chili Peppers appeared on the runway for her show in underwear only.
Anna Sui : The designer opened her first retail location in 1992 at 113 Greene Street in New York City's Soho District.
Anna Sui : For the Hello Kitty 30th Anniversary in 2007, Sui partnered with the Japanese company to create a limited edition collection in tribute to the milestone.
Anna Sui : Studios to design costumes for the characters in their 2004 television series , a series loosely based on The Count of Monte Cristo by French author Alexandre Dumas.
Anna Sui : During filming of "Confessions of a Shopaholic" in 2008, a faux Anna Sui store was mocked up inside the Hearst Tower for the movie set, which also included mock-up stores for Valentino, Catherine Malandrino and Alberta Ferretti.
Anna Sui : In addition to the seasonal shows, Sui also has partnered with a variety of brands and companies such as Hush Puppies, Target Corporation, Ford Motor Company, Tumi, Isetan, Fila, O'Neill, Samsung, Mattel, Coach, T-Mobile, Victoria's Secret and Vogue to produce limited edition collections.
Anna Sui : From May to November 2013, clothing from Sui's 1999 and 2000 collections were featured at the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology as a part of their "RetroSpective: Fashion & Textile History Gallery" exhibition.
Anna Sui : Her debut with the style magazine featured dresses from her Spring/Summer 1995 collection inspired by period pulp comics and the puffed sleeve, square shouldered, floral dress fashion popular during the war rationing years of 1940s era fashion.
Anna Sui : As a teen, she read an article in "Life Magazine" about the achievements of Mia Fonssagrives-Solow who graduated from Parsons The New School for Design in New York City and then moved to Paris, where Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton opened a boutique with the girl.
Megan Fox : The film was released on June 18, 2010.
Megan Fox : Fox and Green married on June 24, 2010 in a private ceremony at the Four Seasons Resort on Maui.
Megan Fox : With regard to relationships and her sexuality, Fox said that she has a general distrust and dislike of men, and that the perception of her as a "wild and crazy sexpot" is false because she is asocial and has only been sexually intimate with her "childhood sweetheart" and Brian Austin Green; she stated that she would rather stay at home instead of going out, and emphasized that she cannot have sex with someone she does not love.
Yoanna House : Yoanna House (born April 9, 1980) is an American fashion model and television host, best known as the winner of Cycle 2 of "America's Next Top Model".
Yoanna House : Her most visible modeling assignments immediately after her win include a commercial for the Declare Yourself voting campaign, a cover story for "Psychology Today" magazine., spread in Hannah Anderson, "Jane", Look for Less Ads, Metro Style, Careline, Jacksonville which she had a cover and spread, Sue Wong 2005 Line, The August 2010 edition of Jacksonville.
Emilia Fox : Emilia Rose Elizabeth Fox (born 31 July 1974) is an English actress and presenter whose film debut was in Roman Polanski's film "The Pianist".
Gina Prince-Bythewood : She graduated in 1991.
Gina Prince-Bythewood : Gina Prince-Bythewood (born Gina Maria Prince; June 10, 1969) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Sofía Vergara : ", Vergara revealed that she had become a United States citizen after getting a perfect score on her citizenship test.
Sofía Vergara : She had her thyroid removed, underwent radioiodine therapy, and made a full recovery.
Sofía Vergara : Sofía Margarita Vergara Vergara (] , born July 10, 1972) is a Colombian-American actress, television producer, presenter and model.
Sofía Vergara : Vergara and "True Blood" star Joe Manganiello became engaged on Christmas Day 2014 after dating for six months.
Sofía Vergara : Her mother, Margarita Vergara de Vergara, was a homemaker, and her father, Julio Enrique Vergara Robayo, was a cattle rancher for the meat industry.
Katri Helena : Katri Helena Kalaoja (née Koistinen, born 17 August 1945) is a Finnish singer.
Katri Helena : Katri Helena released her first songs in 1963 and has since sold over 630,000 certified records, which makes her the second-best-selling female soloist in Finland behind Madonna and places her also among the top 20 best-selling music artists in the Finnish market.
Emily Thornberry : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emily Thornberry : Emily Anne Thornberry (born 27 July 1960) is a British politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington South and Finsbury since 2005.
Emily Thornberry : After Jeremy Corbyn won the 2015 leadership election, she was appointed Shadow Employment Minister in September 2015, Shadow Defence Secretary in January 2016 and Shadow Foreign Secretary in June 2016.
Emily Thornberry : She was criticised by fellow Labour Party MPs, including leader Ed Miliband who said her tweet conveyed a "sense of disrespect", Chris Bryant who said that it broke the "first rule of politics" and Simon Danczuk who said that the party had been "hijacked by the north London liberal elite".
Rumer Willis : On February 20, 2019, she was revealed to be the Lion on the first season of Fox's reality singing competition series "The Masked Singer".
Rumer Willis : In January 2004, she enrolled as a sophomore at Wildwood Secondary School in Los Angeles, California.
Rumer Willis : Her performance during week 1 earned her the highest score of the night (32 out of 40), and her performance during two rounds of competition in week 8 landed her two perfect scores.
Rumer Willis : She has two younger sisters, Scout LaRue Willis (born 1991), and Tallulah Belle Willis (born 1994), as well as two younger paternal half-sisters from her father's marriage to model Emma Heming, born in April 2012 and May 2014.
Natalia Vodianova : Vodianova and Portman announced their separation in June 2011.
Natalia Vodianova : Natalia Mikhailovna Vodianova (Russian: ; born 28 February 1982), nicknamed Supernova, is a Russian model, philanthropist, entrepreneur, public speaker, and United Nations Goodwill Ambassador.
Li Na : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wu Siu Hong : Wu Siu Hong (; born October 22, 1984) is a ten-pin bowling player from Hong Kong who won the 2015 QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup.
Ayesha Takia : Ayesha Takia Azmi (born 10 April 1986) is an Indian former actress known for her work in Hindi films.
Ayesha Takia : Her notable films also include "Socha Na Tha" (2005), "Dor" (2006), for which she won the Screen Award for Best Actress (Critics), and "Wanted" (2009).
Irena Degutienė : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhao Wei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Roberta Vinci : Roberta Vinci was born in Taranto, the daughter of Angelo Vinci, an accountant, and his wife Luisa, a homemaker; she has an elder brother, Francesco.
Ouyang Tzu : Ouyang Tzu (; sometimes written as Ou-yang Tzu; born 1939 in Japan) is the penname of Hong Zhihui (洪智惠, "Hóng Zhìhuì"), a female Taiwanese writer.
Ouyang Tzu : Ouyang's short stories are modernist in the sense that they employ novelistic techniques of literary modernism: stream of consciousness, multiple perspective narration, symbolism, probing of psychological depths instead of drawing social canvases.
Nikki Reed : Nicole Houston Reed (born May 17, 1988) is an American actress, screenwriter, producer and singer-songwriter known for her portrayal of vampire Rosalie Hale in "The Twilight Saga" (2008–2012).
Jade Kwan : She swept newcomer awards at year-end music award shows, including Best Prospect Award Gold Prize at the 25th RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards, Best New Female Artist at Metro Radio Music Awards, Ultimate Song Chart's Female Newcomer Gold Prize, Most Popular Female Newcomer (Gold prize) at the 2002 TVB Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Music Awards.
Kathleen Herles : She has studied ballet, tap, jazz, drama, and voice.
Kathleen Herles : She was nominated in 2007 and 2008 for a NAACP Image Award for NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Performance in a Youth/Children's Series or Special.
Kathleen Herles : Kathleen Herles (born November 13, 1990) is a former American voice actress, best known for being the original voice of Dora on "Dora the Explorer" and "Go, Diego, Go!
Shannon Lee : Shannon Emery Lee (born April 19, 1969) is an American actress, martial artist and businessperson.
Shannon Lee : Shannon was born on April 19, 1969 at UCLA Medical Center, Santa Monica in Santa Monica, California.
Hitomi Yoshizawa : On January 11, 2007, Yoshizawa's younger brother, 16-year-old Kōta Yoshizawa, was killed in a traffic accident.
Koharu Kusumi : 2016.
Koharu Kusumi : Project's kickball team, Metro Rabbits H.P., in 2006.
Koharu Kusumi : Project on December 6, at the final performance of Morning Musume's 2009 fall tour, "Nine Smile".
Rainie Yang : After promoting "Hi My Sweetheart", Yang released her fifth album, "Rainie & Love...?
Justine Greening : In the June 2017 general election, after which the Conservatives formed a minority government, she held her Putney constituency with a reduced majority and a loss in vote share of 9.7%.
Justine Greening : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Justine Greening : In the run up to the 2012 Cabinet reshuffle, Greening said it would be difficult to serve in a Cabinet which was in favour of a third runway.
Justine Greening : She served in the Cameron Government as Economic Secretary to the Treasury and Secretary of State for Transport, prior to being appointed Secretary of State for International Development in September 2012.
Justine Greening : Greening won 15,497 votes (42.4% of the vote) giving her a majority of 1,766 (4.8%).
Justine Greening : In January 2009, following a further shadow ministerial reshuffle, Greening was promoted to Shadow Minister for London, within the Communities and Local Government Team with responsibility for Local Government Finance.
Justine Greening : As the first Conservative elected on the evening of the election, her victory was the first real sign that the Conservative Party was to reduce the Labour Government's majority and begin to recover from the landslide defeats of the 1997 and 2001 general elections.
Yu Lihua : Yu died on 30 April 2020 of respiratory failure brought on by COVID-19 in Gaithersburg, Maryland, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Maryland.
Émilie Loit : Émilie Loit (] ; born 9 June 1979) is a retired tennis player from France.
Dominique Monami : In 1995, she married her coach Bart Van Roost, with whom she has a daughter, and played under the name Dominique Van Roost for much of her career until their divorce in 2003.
Dominique Monami : Dominique Monami (born 31 May 1973) is a Belgian former professional tennis player.
Melissa Peterman : Melissa Margaret Peterman (born July 1, 1971) is an American actress and comedian who is best known for her role as Barbra Jean in the television comedy series "Reba".
Michèle Alliot-Marie : Michèle Yvette Marie-Thérèse Jeanne Honorine Alliot-Marie (] ; born 10 September 1946), known in France as MAM, is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from France.
Olivia Colman : In October 2017, Colman was cast as Queen Elizabeth II in the third and fourth season of the Netflix historical drama series "The Crown".
Kimmie Meissner : Kimberly Claire "Kimmie" Meissner (born October 4, 1989) is an American former competitive figure skater.
Kimmie Meissner : She earned a personal-best score of 129.70 points in her free skate, for a total of 218.33 points, almost nine points more than Suguri, who won the silver medal, ten points more than Cohen, and over four points more than the 2006 Olympic gold medalist, Shizuka Arakawa from Japan, earned during the Olympics.
Ivanka Trump : In 2007, she formed a partnership with Dynamic Diamond Corp., the company of diamond vendor Moshe Lax, to create Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, a line of diamond and gold jewelry sold at her first flagship retail store in Manhattan.
Jeanette Aw : Attending Raffles Girls' Primary School, Crescent Girls' School, National Junior College and National University of Singapore, Aw was a school prefect and a model student.
Jo Swinson : Joanne Kate Swinson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 5 February 1980) is a Scottish former Liberal Democrat politician who served as Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 22 July to 13 December 2019.
Liu Yongqing : !
Liu Yongqing : colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #FFF157;" | Honorary titles
Michiko Kakutani : Her awards include a Pulitzer Prize for Criticism.
Michiko Kakutani : Kakutani initially worked as a reporter for "The Washington Post", and then from 1977 to 1979 for "Time" magazine, where Hersey had worked.
Michiko Kakutani : in English literature from Yale University in 1976, where she studied under author and Yale writing professor John Hersey, among others.
Michiko Kakutani : Kakutani, a Japanese American, was born on January 9, 1955, in New Haven, Connecticut.
Tie Ning : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tie Ning : In 1979, she returned to Baoding and worked in the Baoding Branch of the Chinese Federation of Art and Literature as novel editor.
Noel Clarke : Noel Anthony Clarke (born 6 December 1975) is an English actor, screenwriter, director and comic book writer.
Maria Miller : Following the 2010 general election she was appointed Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State and Minister for Disabled People at the Department for Work and Pensions.
Maria Miller : Miller and her husband Iain, a solicitor, were married in 1990.
Maria Miller : She rejoined Greys in 1994 and served for five years as a director, before becoming a director for the Rowland Group in 1999 for four years.
Maria Miller : Maria Frances Lewis Miller (born 26 March 1964) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Basingstoke since 2005.
Maria Miller : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anne Milton : Her current husband, Dr. Graham Henderson, whom she married in February 2000 in Surrey, is a former local medical director at Virgin Healthcare.
Anne Milton : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nia Griffith : Griffith is a member of Labour Friends of Israel.
Nia Griffith : Nia Rhiannon Griffith (born 4 December 1956) is a British politician who has served as Shadow Secretary of State for Wales since 2020.
Nia Griffith : She resigned from this position on 27 June 2016 following a series of other resignations from Jeremy Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet, but was appointed Shadow Defence Secretary four months later.
Nia Griffith : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nia Griffith : Her father was Professor Thomas Gwynfor Griffith; her mother was Dr. Rhiannon Howell.
Nia Griffith : She was elected as a councillor to the Carmarthen Town Council in 1987, serving as the sheriff in 1997 and deputy mayor in 1998.
Nia Griffith : She speaks five languages: English, Welsh, Italian, French and Spanish and has written a book on language teaching.
Xing Lin : Xing Lin (; born May 25, 1979 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese triathlete.
Valerie Chow : Chow married Darryl Goveas, a Hong Kong-based Belgian-Indian interior designer in 2005, with whom she has a daughter.
Valerie Chow : In 2018, she made a surprising return to acting, starring in the film "Prison Architect" by renowned Chinese visual artist Cao Fei.
Lady Sovereign : Her mother, Nicola, was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour and died on 14 March (Mothering Sunday in the UK) 2010.
Lady Sovereign : In May 2006, she was featured on the Ordinary Boys single, "Nine2Five", a remixed version of her own "9 to 5", credited as "The Ordinary Boys vs Lady Sovereign."
Natalya Neidhart : Neidhart has known TJ Wilson since she was 12 years old, and they began dating in November 2001.
Natalya Neidhart : Natalie Katherine Neidhart-Wilson (born May 27, 1982) is a Canadian professional wrestler and columnist.
Michelle Monaghan : Michelle Lynn Monaghan (born March 23, 1976) is an American actress.
Michelle Monaghan : Monaghan met Australian graphic artist Peter White at a party in 2000.
Momoe Yamaguchi : Momoe Yamaguchi was born on 17 January 1959 at Tokyo Metropolitan Hiroo Hospital in Ebisu, Shibuya, Tokyo.
Louisa Lytton : Born on 7 February 1989 in the London Borough of Camden, Lytton attended the Sylvia Young Theatre School in Marylebone, London.
Louisa Lytton : Louisa Claire Lytton (born 7 February 1989) is an English actress.
Lien Fang Yu : Lien Fang Yu () born 14 April 1943 in Chongqing as Fang Yu (), is the wife of Lien Chan, chairman of the Kuomintang party from 2000 to 2005.
Fish Leong : In February 2010, Leong married Taiwanese wine merchant Tony Chao in Boracay, Philippines, and their child Anderson Chao was born in April 2014.
Gulnara Karimova : In March 2014, the Swiss Prosecutor's Office announced that it had extended a money laundering investigation to include Karimova.
Gulnara Karimova : In 2012, Karimova was honoured with the "Silk Road and Humanitarian Cooperation" Award of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
Gulnara Karimova : In the interview to the Swiss economic magazine Bilan, Karimova denied her involvement into mentioned cases stating: "I have never considered the opportunities of doing business in Switzerland.
Gulnara Karimova : According to US diplomats in Uzbekistan, Karimova "bullied her way into gaining a slice of virtually every lucrative business" in the country and is viewed as a "robber baron".
Gulnara Karimova : Another project of Karimova, the Kelajak Ovozi Talented Youth Contest, has reportedly been attended by 388,000 young people in Uzbekistan since 2005, with projects and ideas ranging from IT, through architecture and design, to social innovations and poetry.
Gulnara Karimova : In 2009, two of the foundations, the "Social Initiatives Support Fund (SISF)" and the "Women's Council Public Association", organized a conference on "Medical aspects and role of Public Organizations in breast cancer problems solutions".
Gulnara Karimova : Afterwards, from summer 1995 until 1996, she worked at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Uzbekistan at the department for political analysis and forecast, where she was assigned to write analytical reports for the State Security Council and the Presidential Administration.
Amber Lynn : An August 1992 issue of the "Los Angeles Times" quoted her statement on page two: "Let's give them food, clothing and shelter and we'll worry about role models later", alongside a shot of her dressed in a formal gown, holding an infant girl.
Amber Lynn : She has four brothers and an older sister who died at the age of two from an undetected heart defect.
KT Tunstall : In April 2007, Tunstall underwent surgery to correct an undersized kidney, a problem caused by a childhood infection.
KT Tunstall : On Christmas Day, 2007, Bullen proposed to her at her parents' home in St Andrews, Scotland, and the couple were married in September 2008.
KT Tunstall : Tunstall sparked some controversy in 2005 when she publicly criticised singer/songwriter Dido, stating that the artist "can't fucking sing" after several fans compared the two musically.
Ho Yeow Sun : On 6 November 2003, Ho was among 10 international nominees to be presented "The Outstanding Young Person of the World 2003" Award for her social work in Asia.
Ho Yeow Sun : While in the United States, Ho worked with top industry personalities such as Wyclef Jean, Diane Warren, David Foster, Jimmy Harry, Tony Moran, Chris Cox, Eric Kupper, Jason Nevins, Moto Blanco and the Underdogs.
Shermine Shahrivar : Shahrivar became Miss Germany in 2004 and then won the overall title of Miss Europe in 2005 while competing in France.
Shermine Shahrivar : She hosted Traumpartner TV in Germany from December 2004 to August 2005.
Shermine Shahrivar : She was selected to be the host of the Oberhausen, Germany Nowruz celebration, said to be the largest in the world, in March 2005.
Maki Goto : On June 19, 2008, Goto had signed with the record label Rhythm Zone under Avex.
Élodie Bouchez : In the fall of 2005, she joined the cast of the American TV series "Alias" for its fifth and final season.
Élodie Bouchez : She is best known for her César Award's Most Promising Actress winning film "Wild Reeds" (1994) by André Téchiné, and the Best Actress Award for the film "La Vie rêvée des anges" at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
Helena Suková : Helena Suková (] ) (born 23 February 1965) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
Miki Ando : At the Japanese Nationals, Ando dislocated her shoulder while performing a spin in her free skate but skated on to place second overall behind Mao Asada.
Miki Ando : Ando won the gold medal at the World Championships in Moscow, Russia, beating silver medalist Yuna Kim by 1.29 points and bronze medalist Carolina Kostner by 11.11 points.
Miki Ando : Ando represented Japan in a team competition, 2009 ISU World Team Trophy, in Tokyo, Japan, where she placed 3rd at the short program, 6th at the free skate and 5th overall.
Miki Ando : On December 26, Ando won her third Japanese National title over silver medalist Mao Asada and bronze medalist Kanako Murakami, and these three were nominated into the Japanese team for the World Championships, which at the time were scheduled to be held in Tokyo in March 2011.
Marit Larsen : In July 2010, Marit Larsen released the remake single of "Don't Save Me".
Marit Larsen : Marit Elisabeth Larsen (born 1 July 1983) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
Marit Larsen : In November 2009, Larsen started her first German-Swiss Tour.
Marit Larsen : It was released in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Iceland.
Marit Larsen : The song was originally contained in Milow's album "Coming of Age" released in 2008 in Belgium.
Natasha St-Pier : Natasha St-Pier (born 10 February 1981) is a Canadian singer of Acadian origin who has spent most of her career in France.
Natasha St-Pier : She came fourth in the 2001 Eurovision Song Contest in Copenhagen, representing France with the power ballad "Je n'ai que mon âme", later releasing an English version of the song: "All I Have Is My Soul".
Taylor Momsen : In June 2008, at the age of fourteen, Momsen signed to IMG Models.
Taylor Momsen : Her parents are Michael and Collette Momsen and she has a younger sister, Sloane Momsen, who is also an actress.
Taylor Momsen : She was then cast in "The Prophet's Game".
Taylor Momsen : She was the face of British fashion chain New Look for its spring/summer 2010 collection.
Taylor Momsen : for the soundtrack to "How the Grinch Stole Christmas".
Taylor Momsen : She began acting professionally at three years of age in a 1997 national commercial for Shake 'n Bake.
Taylor Momsen : After that, she also appeared in the 2006 film "Saving Shiloh".
Taylor Momsen : Beginning in 2007, she played the character of Jenny Humphrey in The CW television series "Gossip Girl", based on the book series by Cecily von Ziegesar.
Taylor Momsen : Taylor Michel Momsen (born July 26, 1993) is an American singer, songwriter, model, and former actress.
Hamish Macleod : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jennifer Morrison : She played the role of Emma Swan, a bail bonds collector who turns out to be the missing daughter of Snow White and Prince Charming.
Yuriko Koike : Koike was elected to the House of Councillors in 1992 as a member of the Japan New Party.
Yuriko Koike : After dropping out of Kwansei Gakuin University's School of Sociology in September 1971, she went on to study Arabic at the American University in Cairo and received a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology as the top student from Cairo University in October 1976.
Monica Ali : Monica Ali (born 20 October 1967) is a Bangladeshi-born British writer and novelist.
Lee Kyung-eun : Lee Kyung Eun (born (1992--)14 1992 ) is a South Korean group rhythmic gymnast.
Kiko, Princess Akishino : Since 1997, Prince Akishino and Princess Kiko and their children have maintained a principal residence on the grounds of the Akasaka Estate in Motoakasaka, Minato, Tokyo.
Kiko, Princess Akishino : She graduated from the Department of Psychology in the Faculty of Letters of Gakushuin University with a Bachelor of Letters degree in Psychology in 1989 and received a Master of Humanities degree in Social Psychology from the Graduate School of Gakushuin University in 1995.
AJ Michalka : In 2009 she was featured in the Peter Jackson film "The Lovely Bones", released widely on January 15, 2010.
AJ Michalka : Michalka appeared in the 2011 film "Super 8", directed by J. J. Abrams.
AJ Michalka : Since 2013 Michalka has had a recurring role on the ABC sitcom "The Goldbergs" as Lainey Lewis, the girlfriend of one of the main characters.
Amanda Coetzer : Amanda Coetzer (born 22 October 1971 in Hoopstad) is a South African former professional tennis player.
Amanda Coetzer : At the Australian Open in 1996, Coetzer became the first South African woman in the Open Era to reach a Grand Slam semifinal, where she lost in three sets to Anke Huber.
Amanda Coetzer : She beat Graf for a second time that year at the German Open in May (inflicting Graf's worst-ever loss: 6–0, 6–1 in just 56 minutes), and then, in the quarterfinals of the French Open, she defeated Graf yet again to become one of only four to defeat her more than once in Grand Slam matches.
Princess Mako of Akishino : An image repository was set up, and a video featuring fanart of Princess Mako was uploaded onto the popular video-sharing website Nico Nico Douga, attracting over 340,000 views and 86,000 comments.
Princess Mako of Akishino : Princess Mako has a younger sister, Princess Kako, and a younger brother, Prince Hisahito.
Naoko Iijima : Iijima wed musician Nobuteru Maeda in September 1997 but their marriage ended in divorce in March 2001.
Natalie Glebova : In 2004, Glebova began her pageantry career while competing in Miss Universe Canada 2004, where she placed as the third runner-up behind eventual winner Venessa Fisher.
Natalie Glebova : Natalie Glebova (born Natalya Vladimirovna Glebova; 11 November 1981) is a Russian-Canadian television host, author, dancer, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 2005.
Yi Shu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yi Shu : When she was 27, she went to Manchester to study Hotel Management.
Yi Shu : After graduation from Kiangsu and Chekiang Kindergarten and Nursery, Yi Shu studied at Sir Ellis Kadoorie Primary School and Ho Tung Technical School For Girls (later known as Hotung Secondary School).
Yi Shu : She had been the wait staff department supervisor of a hotel in Taiwan (1977), PR manager of the now demolished Furama Hotel in Central, Hong Kong (1978), a top official of the Information Services Department in Hong Kong, as well as a screenwriter.
Kamla Persad-Bissessar : (Hons.
Kamla Persad-Bissessar : (Hons.
Kamla Persad-Bissessar : Persad-Bissessar is married to Dr. Gregory Bissessar and has one son named Kris Bissessar.
Kamla Persad-Bissessar : Persad-Bissessar took office as Prime Minister after the victory of the People's Partnership in the general election of 24 May 2010, defeating the previous government of the People's National Movement, which had called an early election.
Kamla Persad-Bissessar : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Patti Austin : In 2015, Austin appeared on Patrick Williams' "Home Suite Home" large jazz ensemble album, as vocalist for Williams' composition "52nd & Broadway," which won a Grammy for Best Arrangement, Instruments and Vocals.
Ai Otsuka : After graduating from high school she entered to the Osaka University of Arts Nursery College, where she got her degree as a nursery teacher.
Ai Otsuka : She released her seventh album, "Love Tricky", on April 22, 2015.
Lena Hades : Lena Alekseevna Hades ( ; born October 2, 1959) is a Russian artist, writer and art theorist of Jewish origin.
Lena Hades : The nationalists were offended by the artist’s depiction of the Russian soul as a cartoonish creature with clichéd attributes of Russian everyday life — a bottle of vodka, a model of Sputnik — and by the crudely painted text in Welcome that indicts the Russian character as simultaneously overaggressive and alarmingly God-fearing.
Yumi Shimura : As of June 30, 2016, she has retired from voice acting.
AnnaSophia Robb : AnnaSophia Robb (born December 8, 1993) is an American actress.
Sarah Shahi : Her birth name, Aahoo ( ), means "gazelle" in Persian.
Sarah Shahi : Shahi was named number 90 on the "Maxim" magazine "Hot 100 of 2005" list, moving up to number 66 in 2006 and 36 in 2012.
Sarah Shahi : Shahi attended Trinity High School, where she was captain of the volleyball and basketball teams, and Southern Methodist University, majoring in English and Theater.
Miho Nakayama : The film was a huge box-office success, and Miho won Best Actress awards for her role in the film at the 38th Blue Ribbon Awards, the 17th Yokohama Film Festival and the 18th Hochi Film Awards.
Naima Mora : Catlett described it as:
Naima Mora : She is the inspiration for her grandmother's 2001 black marble bust entitled "Naima".
Naima Mora : In 2006, she completed filming a role in the independent film "Sarbanes-Oxley" and made an appearance in a music video for TV on the Radio's "Wolf Like Me."
Naima Mora : A serious ballet student, Mora attended Detroit's Ballet Renaissance and was enrolled in American Ballet Theatre's Detroit summer program.
Naima Mora : Mora's runway shows include Christopher Deane Spring 2006 Collection, Gharani Strok Fall 2005, Carlos Miele Fashion Show, Walmart and ELLEgirl Presents Dare To Be You Spring 2006, Fashion Comedy Style 2005 (Charity Event), and New York Fashion Week 2007.
Naima Mora : Mora has done print modeling for "CoverGirl", "ELLE" Magazine, "Fuego" Magazine, "Us Weekly" Magazine, "Radar", "In Touch", "Star", "Teen People", Split Clothing, and elsewhere.
Naima Mora : Her older sister, Ife Sanchez Mora (born 1977), is a singer/ songwriter and was signed to Tricky's Massive Attack label Durban Poison/ DreamWorks S.K.G in the trip-hop group, The Autumn People and is now a solo rock singer Ife Sanchez Mora and part of duet Ife & Danny and was the wife of chef Aaron Sanchez.
Naima Mora : Naima Mora (born March 1, 1984) is an American fashion model and the winner of Cycle 4 of "America's Next Top Model".
Cherry Jones : Paulson and Jones ended their relationship amicably in 2009.
Cherry Jones : In mid-2015, Jones married her girlfriend, filmmaker Sophie Huber.
Cherry Jones : Her mother was a high school teacher, and her father owned a flower shop.
Sylvia Hanika : Sylvia Hanika (born 30 November 1959) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal : Naomi Foner (née Achs; born March 15, 1946) is an American screenwriter, director, and former wife of Stephen Gyllenhaal.
Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal : She has written the screenplays for several feature films, including "Running on Empty" (for which she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay and won a Golden Globe Award for the same category), "Losing Isaiah", and most recently "Bee Season."
Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal : She attended Barnard College in New York City, graduating with a BA degree in English.
Lisa Ling : Lisa J. Ling (born August 30, 1973) is an American journalist, television personality, and author.
Jessica Hsuan : She has collaborated with many TVB leading actors including Louis Koo, Wong He, Chilam Cheung, Nick Cheung, Gallen Lo, Roger Kwok, Sunny Chan, Joe Ma and Bobby Au-yeung.
Ada Choi : Ada Choi (born 17 September 1973) is a Hong Kong actress best known for her work for TVB television, notably as an evil empress in the Chinese television series Zhen Huan Chuan and to a lesser extent, for her film work.
Sarah Paulson : Since early 2015, Paulson has been in a relationship with actress Holland Taylor.
Sarah Paulson : She spent her early life in South Tampa until her parents' divorce when she was five.
Ling Tan : Her father was a taxi driver and her mother a seamstress.
Ling Tan : Tan Mang Ling (born 9 October 1974 in Kuala Lumpur), usually credited as Ling Tan, is a Malaysian model of Chinese descent, based in New York City.
Nicole Ari Parker : Nicole Ari Parker Kodjoe (born October 7, 1970) is an American actress and model.
Nicole Ari Parker : Parker has starred in a number of movies, including "Blue Streak" (1999), "Remember the Titans" (2000), "Brown Sugar" (2002), "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins" (2008), "Black Dynamite" (2009), and "Almost Christmas" (2016).
Elyse Sewell : Elyse Marie Sewell (born June 10, 1982) is an American fashion model.
Elyse Sewell : Sewell has appeared in print advertisements for Chanel and Chow Sang Sang Jewelry, and appeared on the cover of "Harper's Bazaar Hong Kong" and in editorials for Hong Kong "Esquire" and "Cosmopolitan".
Shan Sa : Shan Sa is also a painter with exhibitions in Paris, New York, and Shanghai.
Samantha Taylor : She began her broadcasting career while a student at Pennsylvania State University, using her birthname Myra Luciw as host of the Ukrainian students' radio program on the university radio station while also using the pseudonym Michele Michaels at a commercial station she was an intern.
Anna Tatangelo : She participated in the Sanremo Music Festival six times in ten years, winning in 2002 with the song "Doppiamente fragile" and getting on the podium three more times: in 2005, when it was ranked third in the category "Women" with "Ragazza di periferia", in 2006, when it was ranked in third place overall and first in the category women with "Essere una donna" and in 2008, when, with the song "Il mio amico" has reached the second position.
Kelly Smith : Smith was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Kelly Smith : Kelly Jayne Smith, MBE (born 29 October 1978, in Watford) is an English former football forward who spent three spells with FA WSL club Arsenal Ladies.
Sophie Zelmani : Zelmani's "Going Home" from "Sing and Dance" was covered in Mandarin Chinese as "Passenger" and Cantonese as "Withered Flower" by Faye Wong on "To Love".
Sophie Zelmani : Sophie Zelmani (born Sophie Zelmani but later raised with the surname Edkvist; 12 February 1972) is a Swedish singer-songwriter who released her first single in 1995, called "Always You".
Sophie Zelmani : Columbia's marketing campaign included CD sampler giveaways, consumer press, and rotation on Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) flights between Scandinavia and the US.
Dania Ramirez : Dania Ramirez started at Montclair State University at 16 years old.
Dania Ramirez : Ramirez was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Dania Ramirez : Dania Jissel Ramirez (born November 8, 1979) is a Dominican-American television and film actress.
KaDee Strickland : She says she has never had to rely on her appearance or felt pressured to be beautiful.
KaDee Strickland : She took a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant and interned at a casting agency, where one of her tasks was to read lines at auditions for small roles in local film and television projects; the job landed Strickland her first film role.
KaDee Strickland : During her childhood, she was well known locally as a member of the Strickland family and for her extracurricular activities and achievements; she was the Homecoming Queen in elementary, middle, and high school, as well as the student council president and a cheerleader.
KaDee Strickland : After graduating from university with a fine arts degree, she was schooled in New York City, and she moved to Los Angeles in late 2003.
KaDee Strickland : Katherine Dee Strickland was born in Blackshear, Georgia, on December 14, 1975, to Susan, a nurse, and Dee Strickland, a high school football coach, principal, and superintendent.
KaDee Strickland : After graduating from high school, Strickland wanted to study drama at college in New York City, but her parents did not want her to live in such a large city so soon.
Anna Maria Jopek : Abroad she shared the stage with Pat Metheny, Youssu'n Dour, Bobby McFerrin, Ivan Linz, Branford Marsalis, Nigel Kennedy, Richard Bona, Oscar Castro-Neves, Makoto Ozone and Gonzalo Rubalcaba among others.
Shirley Kwan : On 2 February 2013, she held her 4th concert series at the Hong Kong Coliseum, "Philip Stein Your Favorite Shirley Kwan Suk'E In Concert," for two consecutive evenings.
Shirley Kwan : In October 2010, Kwan performed a live concert "One Starry Night: An Evening with Shirley Kwan" at the Venetian Arena in Macau, which featured mostly live covers of songs by other artists, such as Alan Tam's "Illusion" ( ), Aaron Kwok's "Why did I let you go?"
Ariana Richards : In February 2014, Richards was voted #98 on VH1's 100 Greatest Child Stars.
Wang Yeping : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Yeping : Wang Yeping (, born February 12, 1928) is the wife of Jiang Zemin, former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China ("de facto" paramount leader) and President of the People's Republic of China ("de jure" head of state), and is a native of Yangzhou, Jiangsu.
Mélissa Theuriau : Mélissa Theuriau (] ; born July 18, 1978) is a French journalist and news anchor for M6.
Mélissa Theuriau : On 29 March 2008, she was engaged to French-Moroccan comedian and actor Jamel Debbouze; the two were married on 7 May 2008.
Mélissa Theuriau : In March 2007, she launched, with five other journalists (Claire Chazal, Marie Drucker, Laurence Ferrari, Béatrice Schönberg, and Tina Kieffer), the organization “La Rose”, which works with UNICEF to help educate girls.
Mélissa Theuriau : Her programs were "LCI Matin" (LCI Morning), the 6:40 news on LCI and TF1 from Monday to Thursday and the "Voyages" travel show on Wednesdays at 13:55 on LCI.
Leigh-Allyn Baker : Baker has done voice work in video games for the "Star Trek" and "X-Men" and guest starred in television shows such as "That '70s Show", "Early Edition", "Yes, Dear" and among other series.
Leigh-Allyn Baker : Baker is also known to television audiences for her recurring roles as Hannah Webster in the first season of "Charmed" and as Ellen, the long-time friend of Grace Adler (Debra Messing) on "Will & Grace", a role she played since the show began in 1998 through to its last season in 2006 (and again in 2018, in the show's revival).
Leigh-Allyn Baker : In late 2008, Baker appeared on several episodes of "Hannah Montana" playing Mickey, a morning show host.
Kate Voegele : Voegele's second studio album, "A Fine Mess", was released on May 18, 2009.
Kate Voegele : Kate Elizabeth Voegele ( ; born December 8, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and actress.
Kate Voegele : In April 2008, Voegele released her official debut single, "Only Fooling Myself".
Michele Bachmann : Michele Marie Bachmann ( ; née Amble; born April 6, 1956) is an American politician and a member of the Republican Party.
Michele Bachmann : She represented Minnesota's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2015.
Gianna Nannini : Gianna Nannini (] ; born 14 June 1954) is an Italian singer-songwriter and musician.
Q'orianka Kilcher : In 1999, her mother moved the family to California.
Q'orianka Kilcher : Her name "Q'orianka" means "Golden Eagle" in Quechua.
Q'orianka Kilcher : Q'orianka Waira Qoiana Kilcher ( ; born February 11, 1990) is an American actress, singer, and activist.
Jennifer Walcott : Walcott wanted to be a veterinarian, mostly because she had many pets at her house.
Jennifer Walcott : In 1995, she graduated from Lowellville High School.
Jennifer Walcott : Walcott volunteers at the Ronald McDonald House in Washington, DC.
Jennifer Walcott : One of her poems won a statewide "Reader's Digest" contest.
Jennifer Walcott : Walcott is married to former NFL safety Adam Archuleta.
Jennifer Walcott : They live in L.A and had their first child on April 10, 2008.
Jennifer Walcott : In 2000, Walcott temporarily moved to Chicago to be close to her grandmother, who was very ill.
Jennifer Walcott : The first few years in L.A. were rough, as she worked two jobs while taking business classes at Santa Monica College.
Jennifer Walcott : Jennifer Walcott (born May 8, 1977) is an American glamour model and actress best known as "Playboy" magazine's Playmate of the Month for August 2001.
Gemma Ward : In July, earning at an estimated total of $3 million in the past 12 months, "Forbes" ranked her tenth on the list of the World's 15 Top-Earning Supermodels.
Lily Cole : Lily Luahana Cole (born 27 December 1987) is a British model, actress and entrepreneur.
Lily Cole : In January 2010, Cole gave an interview to the Canadian edition of "Elle" in which she expressed her desire to focus more on acting than on her modelling career, saying she "wouldn't want to treat acting as a convenient thing to do now and again", going on to mention her roles in the upcoming films "There Be Dragons" and "Phantasmagoria: The Visions of Lewis Carroll" and saying of her modelling "I've been doing modelling for years and I feel like I've taken out of it what I need to and I'm ready for new things" and that "film asks for a much bigger emotional and intellectual commitment."
Lily Cole : She was nominated, for the second time, for the "Model of the Year" award at the 2007 British Fashion Awards.
Dai Jinhua : She taught at the Beijing Film Academy before assuming professorship at the Institute of Comparative Literature and Culture and directorship of the Center for Film and Cultural Studies at Peking University.
Heather Marks : In 2006 she participated in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Heather Marks : Heather Marks (born July 25, 1988) is a Canadian model known in the fashion world for her big eyes and "doll-like" or elven features.
Simone Simons : Simons runs a blog called "SmoonStyle", where she writes about her fashion, makeup, food and experiences she has had as a member of Epica, as well as in her personal life.
Simone Simons : Simone Johanna Maria Simons (born 17 January 1985) is a Dutch singer-songwriter.
Simone Simons : At 14, she had one year of pop singing lessons, and at 15, she switched to classical singing after listening to Nightwish's "Oceanborn", which remains her favorite Nightwish album.
Jesse Jane : Cindy Taylor (born July 16, 1980) is an American retired pornographic actress and model best known by her stage name Jesse Jane.
Jesse Jane : She stated in 2007 that she was married to fellow porn star Rick Patrick.
Jesse Jane : In a 2009 CNBC documentary titled "Porn: Business of Pleasure", Jesse is the focus of the final 10-minute segment, which details her career and her life outside the porn industry.
Jesse Jane : She did extensive dance training and was a varsity cheerleader at her high school in Rose Hill, Kansas.
Jesse Jane : With fellow Digital Playground contract performers Devon and Teagan Presley, Jane co-hosts the live, Internet-based adult industry talk show "DP Tonight".
Elena Kagan : She wrote the majority opinion in "Cooper v. Harris," a landmark case restricting the permissible uses of race in drawing congressional districts.
Elena Kagan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elena Kagan : She was nominated by President Barack Obama on May 10, 2010 and has served since August 7, 2010.
Elena Kagan : She began her career as a professor at the University of Chicago Law School, leaving to serve as Associate White House Counsel, and later as a policy adviser under President Bill Clinton.
Elena Kagan : Elena Kagan ( ; born April 28, 1960) is an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Tomoko Ohta : She worked at the Japanese National Institute of Genetics from 1969 to 1996, and, in 2002, she was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences as a foreign associate in evolutionary biology.
Sonia Sotomayor : ...
Sonia Sotomayor : ...
Sonia Sotomayor : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kaity Tong : Kaity Tong (; born July 23, 1947) is a Chinese-born American broadcast journalist.
Hsiao Bi-khim : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsiao Bi-khim : On 20 January 2021, Hsiao was officially invited to the inauguration of US president Biden for the first time since 1979.
Daniela Silivaș : Daniela Viorica Silivaș-Harper, best known as Daniela Silivaș (] ; born 9 May 1972), is a Romanian former artistic gymnast who is most famous for winning six medals (three gold, two silver, and one bronze) at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Rihanna : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rihanna : Rihanna canceled other meetings with record labels and relocated from Barbados to the United States to live with Rogers and his wife.
Rihanna : The album was supported by six singles, including "Rude Boy", which was the biggest worldwide success from the album, topping the US "Billboard" Hot 100 for six weeks and reaching top 10 positions in 22 other countries.
Rihanna : In 2018, Rihanna launched a lingerie brand named Savage X Fenty.
Rihanna : "Loud", Rihanna's fifth studio album, was released in November 2010.
Rihanna : Rihanna received the "Icon Award" at the 2013 American Music Awards and the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards.
Cristie Kerr : Cristie Kerr (born October 12, 1977) is an American professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour.
Megumi Odaka : Megumi Odaka was born on May 9, 1972 in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan.
Nicole Vaidišová : Nicole Vaidišová (] ; born 23 April 1989) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
Nicole Vaidišová : 9, her first career top 10 debut, becoming the 12th-youngest player in tour history to crack the top 10, at an age of 17 years, three months and two weeks.
Amy Yip : Amy Yip (born 10 July 1966) is an actress who was one of the leading sex symbols of Hong Kong Cinema in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Lisa Edelstein : Lisa Edelstein ( ; born May 21, 1966)
Lisa Edelstein : Edelstein is known for playing Dr. Lisa Cuddy on the Fox medical drama series "House".
Lisa Edelstein : Bigger roles in TV dramas soon followed, among them the lesbian sister on ABC's "Relativity" (1996); a high-priced call girl turned Rob Lowe's date on "The West Wing" (1999); an assigned male at birth (AMAB) transgender woman on "Ally McBeal" (2000); and Ben Covington's (Scott Speedman) girlfriend on "Felicity" (2001).
Anna Popplewell : Her siblings are actress Lulu Popplewell, who starred as Daisy in "Love Actually", and Freddie Popplewell, who starred as Michael Darling in the film "Peter Pan".
Anna Popplewell : Anna Katherine Popplewell (born 16 December 1988) is an English actress.
Na Ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Imogen Heap : "Ellipse" was released in the United Kingdom on 24 August 2009, and in the United States on 25 August 2009.
Ellen Johnson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Princess Tomohito of Mikasa : Her mother, , was the daughter of Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida.
Anett Pötzsch : She is the 1980 Olympic champion, two-time World champion (1978, 1980), four-time European champion (1977–1980), and five-time East German champion (1976–1980).
Anett Pötzsch : Pötzsch was a judge at international skating events in the late 1980s but the ISU banned her after she appeared in "Skates of Gold" shows and Katarina Witt's film, Carmen.
Anett Pötzsch : She married Axel Witt, the brother of fellow German figure skater Katarina Witt, but the couple divorced in 1990.
Kathy Hilton : She graduated from Montclair College Preparatory School in Los Angeles, where she became best friends with Michael Jackson.
Kathy Hilton : Kathy Hilton (born Kathleen Elizabeth Avanzino, later Richards; March 13, 1959) is an American actress, socialite, fashion designer, and philanthropist.
Wataru Yoshizumi : Her debut manga was a yomikiri (short story) called "Radical Romance" that was published in 1984, in the summer issue of Ribon Original.
JoAnna Garcia : They became engaged in May 2010, and married on December 11, 2010, at the Breakers Hotel & Resort in Palm Beach, Florida.
JoAnna Garcia : In August 2009, "People" magazine reported that García was dating baseball player Nick Swisher.
JoAnna Garcia : In 2008, García became engaged to Trace Ayala, who co-founded the clothing company William Rast with his childhood friend Justin Timberlake.
JoAnna Garcia : JoAnna García Swisher ("née" García; born August 10, 1979) is an American actress.
Jessica Jaymes : Her stage name was a combination of her real first name and the first name of her then-lover, James.
Jessica Jaymes : Jaymes played a small role in two episodes of the television series "Weeds", in 2006 and 2007, in which she portrayed herself, and made appearances on various reality shows such as VH1's "Celebrity Rehab Sober House", HBO's "Vivid Valley", as well as "The Howard Stern Show".
Ashley Benson : That same month, Benson became the face of eveningwear designer Faviana.
Ashley Benson : She recalled working on a film set instead of a soap opera set "definitely weird", because she would spend days working on one or two scenes, whereas on the "Days of Our Lives" set, she filmed two or three episodes a day.
Ashley Benson : The film co-starred Selena Gomez, Vanessa Hudgens, and James Franco.
Ashley Benson : In the January 21, 2013, episode of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", Benson appeared as Carly Whittaker, Barney Stinson's half-sister who dated Ted Mosby.
Maria Kirilenko : In 2002, Kirilenko became one of the youngest winners of the junior tournaments at the Canadian Open and US Open.
Maria Kirilenko : She competed at the Hong Kong Tennis Classic and won the Gold Group Championship with her compatriots Vera Zvonareva and Yevgeny Kafelnikov.
Saaya Irie : During her childhood she idolized Yoshika, a fashion model from Kitakyushu, but she gained fame for her professional glamour modeling as a U-15 idol, making her debut at age 11.
Mary Gaitskill : Gaitskill attempted to find a publisher for four years before her first book, the short story collection "Bad Behavior," was published in 1988.
Mary Gaitskill : Her work has appeared in "The New Yorker", "Harper's Magazine", "Esquire", "The Best American Short Stories" (1993, 2006, 2012, 2020), and "The O. Henry Prize Stories" (1998, 2008).
Mary Gaitskill : She characterized the film as "the "Pretty Woman" version, heavy on the charm (and a little too nice)," but observed that the "bottom line is that if [a film adaptation is] made you get some money and exposure, and people can make up their minds from there."
Mary Gaitskill : She has lived in New York City, Toronto, San Francisco, Marin County and Pennsylvania, as well as attending the University of Michigan, where she earned her B.A.
Zdeňka Podkapová : Zdenka Podkapová (born August 6, 1977) (also credited as Zdenka, Zdeňka Popová or Zdenka Novotná) is a Czech adult model, actress, and former gymnast.
Satomi Ishihara : Ishihara announced her marriage on October 1, 2020.
Satomi Ishihara : On February 4, 2021, it was announced Ishihara tested positive for COVID-19.
Satomi Ishihara : She was appointed for one of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics torch relay ambassadors.
Kelly Reilly : Reilly's performance in "After Miss Julie" at the Donmar Warehouse made her a star of the London stage and earned her a nomination for a Laurence Olivier Theatre Award for Best Actress of 2003.
Almira Skripchenko : She married French Grandmaster Joël Lautier in 1997 and consequently moved to live in France.
Almira Skripchenko : Almira Skripchenko (born 17 February 1976) is a Moldovan-French chess player who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.
Almira Skripchenko : She won the Ladies' French Chess Championship in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2010, 2012 and 2015.
Siedah Garrett : 97 in 1988).
Siedah Garrett : In 1990, she became host of the show "America's Top 10".
Siedah Garrett : Garrett's professional involvement with Madonna goes back some years as she previously supplied backing vocals on some of Madonna's earlier material including "True Blue" (1986), and "Who's That Girl" (1987).
Siedah Garrett : Garrett was born on June 24, 1960 in Los Angeles and raised in Compton, where she started singing as a child.
Siedah Garrett : In 1996 she joined the Brand New Heavies, collaborating on just one album, 1997's "Shelter".
Siedah Garrett : In 1995 Garrett was also involved with Maysa Leak's (of the group Incognito) solo debut album as co-writer of the track "Sexy" in which she also sang backing vocals.
Siedah Garrett : Garrett has been nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Song, and won the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 50th Grammy Awards for co-writing "Love You I Do" (performed by Jennifer Hudson) for the 2006 musical film, "Dreamgirls".
Nadezhda Kosintseva : Nadezhda Anatolyevna Kosintseva ( ; born 14 January 1985) is a Russian chess grandmaster.
Daphne Koller : Daphne Koller ( ; born August 27, 1968) is an Israeli-American computer scientist.
Lung Ying-tai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lung Ying-tai : Lung Ying-tai has held two positions within Taiwan's government as Taipei's first Cultural Bureau Chief (1999–2003) and as Taiwan's first Culture Minister (2012–2014).
Shawnee Smith : Her parents divorced when she was two years old, and her mother remarried when she was eight years old.
Shawnee Smith : When she was one year old, her family relocated from South Carolina to Van Nuys, California.
Shawnee Smith : Shawnee Rebecca Smith (born July 3, 1969) is an American actress and singer.
Hitomi Yaida : She graduated from Kansai University with a degree in French language and literature on March 19, starting her first official Japanese tour on the 21st (the seven date 'I'm Here...' tour) followed immediately by live appearances in Liverpool, Manchester, Aberdeen, Glasgow and London.
Maggie Shiu : Overseas, Maggie has gained a wider audience with roles as Xiaozhao (小昭) in "New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre" (倚天屠龍刀), Shek Yi-Ming (石伊明) in "Blood of Good and Evil" (我本善良), Cin Kiu (展翹) in "The Breaking Point" (今生無悔), Wai Hoi-Yi (韋海怡) in "Conscience" (第三類法庭), Anson Man (萬安生) in "Healing Hands" (妙手仁心), Sylvia Hong (康雅言) in "The Gem of Life" (珠光寶氣), Officer Kat in "PTU", and Mrs. Big D in "Election".
Cheryl Lynn : In 1989, Lynn released the top 10 single "Every Time I Try To Say Goodbye", from her eighth album, "Whatever It Takes".
Cheryl Lynn : On September 19, 2005, Lynn's song "Got to Be Real" was inducted into the Dance Music Hall of Fame.
Cheryl Lynn : On April 11, 2010, "Got to Be Real" charted for the first time in the UK, peaking at number 70.
Cheryl Lynn : Cheryl Lynn (born Lynda Cheryl Smith; March 11, 1957) is an American singer.
Cheryl Lynn : Two years later she performed on HBO's "Sinbad's Summer Soul Jam 4" (1998), hosted by comedian Sinbad.
Cheryl Lynn : During the new millennium Lynn toured Japan and did an occasional gig in the US, performing at charity events in her hometown of Los Angeles.
Cheryl Lynn : She is best known for her songs during the late 1970s through the mid-1980s, including the 1978 R&B/disco song "Got to Be Real".
Cheryl Lynn : Her professional singing career started in 1976 when she obtained a job as a backing vocalist for the national touring company of the musical drama "The Wiz".
Cheryl Lynn : In 2000 she worked with hip-hop musician Jay Supreme on his single "Your Love (Encore)", which was an update of her #1 1984 song "Encore."
Cheryl Lynn : In 2004 she recorded the song "Sweet Kind of Life," which was also written and produced by Jam & Lewis, for the soundtrack to "Shark Tale".
Cheryl Lynn : Lynn also recorded soundtracks for a few feature films, including a song written by Michael Bolton entitled "At Last You're Mine" for the 1985 film "Heavenly Bodies", and the track "Steppin' Into the Night" for the 1986 feature film "Armed and Dangerous".
Cheryl Lynn : For her fifth album, "Preppie", Lynn produced most of the tracks, with the exception of the single "Encore" (#1 R&B), which was written and produced by the Minneapolis funk music duo, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
Cheryl Lynn : On May 23, 2006 Collectables Record Label re-released her 1981 album "In The Night" and 1982's "Instant Love", in twin CD package form.
Ashley Tisdale : Tisdale became engaged to singer Christopher French in 2013, having dated for over one year; the couple wed on September 8, 2014 in a small private ceremony held in Santa Barbara, California.
Ashley Tisdale : In 2009, while discussing the songs she co-wrote for her second studio album, Tisdale said that "a lot of the songs on the album [were] about survival and staying strong" and that she wanted those songs to be "a statement and a reflection of what [she went] through over the past year and how [she has] grown up."
Yuriko, Princess Mikasa : Princess Mikasa was born on 4 June 1923 at Takagi's family house in Tokyo.
Kumi Tanioka : Songs from the two series have also not appeared in any of the official "Final Fantasy" music concerts, although "Morning Sky" from the "Crystal Chronicles" soundtrack was played in the first Games in Concert performance in Utrecht, Netherlands on November 26, 2006.
Tsugumi Ohba : There is speculation that Tsugumi Ohba is a pen name of Hiroshi Gamo, pointing out that in "Bakuman" the main character's uncle was a one-hit wonder manga artist who worked on a gag super-hero manga, very similar to Gamo and "Tottemo!
Lisa Raymond : On June 12, 2000, she reached the World No.
Lisa Raymond : Lisa Raymond (born August 10, 1973) is an American retired professional tennis player who has achieved notable success in doubles tennis.
Lisa Raymond : Raymond started the year by reuniting with former partner Rennae Stubbs.
Michelle Obama : Obama's memoir, "Becoming", was released in November 2018.
Michelle Obama : At the firm, she worked on marketing and intellectual property law.
Michelle Obama : According to the couple's 2006 income tax return, her salary was $273,618 from the University of Chicago Hospitals, while her husband had a salary of $157,082 from the United States Senate.
Michelle Obama : By the time of the 2008 Democratic National Convention in August, media outlets observed that her presence on the campaign trail had grown softer than at the start of the race, focusing on soliciting concerns and empathizing with the audience rather than throwing down challenges to them, and giving interviews to shows such as "The View" and publications like "Ladies' Home Journal" rather than appearing on news programs.
Anna Bessonova : She made her Olympic debut and won the bronze individual all-around medals at the 2004 Athens Olympics with a total score of 106.700 (ribbon 26.725, clubs 26.950, ball 26.525, hoop 26.500) behind two Russians, silver medalist Irina Tchachina and gold medalist Alina Kabaeva.
Anna Bessonova : Her mother, Viktoria, is a former two-time World champion group rhythmic gymnast.
Anna Bessonova : In 2008, Bessonova won all-around golds at the LA Lights, Deriugina Cup (Kyiv World Cup) and Miss Valentine Competitions, as well as the all-around silver at the European Championships in Torino behind Russian star Evgenia Kanaeva.
Srirasmi Suwadee : Srirasmi Suwadee ( ; ; born 9 December 1971), formerly Princess Srirasmi, Royal Consort to the Crown Prince of Thailand, is a former member of the royal family of Thailand.
Wei Hui : Zhou Wei Hui (; born 4 January 1973), known simply by her Chinese given name Wei Hui, is a Chinese Post 70s Generation writer, living and working in Shanghai and New York City.
Norodom Buppha Devi : Buppha Devi married her first husband in 1959 at the age of fifteen.
Norodom Buppha Devi : She was the daughter of Norodom Sihanouk and the late Neak Moneang Phat Kanhol, the elder sister of Prince Norodom Ranariddh, and a half-sibling of the current King of Cambodia, Norodom Sihamoni.
Yumiko Cheng : In August 2015, Cheng left Emperor Entertainment Group after 15 years, and has since focused on acting for mainland television dramas as well as developing her clothing label, "Why So Cool".
Yumiko Cheng : She would continue covering Middle-Eastern pop hits in subsequent singles such as 'Lupine Girl' ( , originally sung by Aneela Mirza) in 2006, and 'Five Centuries' ( , OT: "Bechom Shei" In The Heart of Tel Aviv) in 2008, which became a minor hit in its own right in the Chinese dance charts, and was even mentioned in a report by a major Israeli newspaper.
Sasha Pieterse : At four years old, Pieterse began modeling and appearing in commercials.
Ding Zilin : In 2006, Time magazine selected her as one of the "60 Asian heroes".
Patricia Kaas : Patricia Kaas (] ; born 5 December 1966 in Forbach) is a French singer and actress.
Zhang Yining : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Yining : Zhang Yining (; born October 5, 1981 in Beijing) is a former Chinese table tennis player.
Salli Richardson : She and Whitfield have one daughter and one son.
Salli Richardson : She played tennis in high school at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, and launched her acting career in the Kuumba Workshop theater there; she graduated in 1985.
Salli Richardson : Salli Elise Richardson-Whitfield (née Richardson ; born November 23, 1967) is an American actress and director.
Rekha : Her only marriage was to Mukesh Aggarwal in 1990, which ended a year later when he died by suicide.
Valeria Golino : Valeria Golino (; born 22 October 1965) is an Italian actress and director.
Patty Jenkins : In 2007, Jenkins married Sam Sheridan, a former firefighter and the author of the book "A Fighter's Heart".
Patty Jenkins : Patricia Lea Jenkins (born July 24, 1971) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
Sophia Leung : Born in Wuxi, China, she was a social worker before being elected to the House of Commons of Canada in 1997 for the riding of Vancouver-Kingsway in British Columbia.
Denise Chong : Denise Chong, OC (; born 9 June 1953) is a Canadian economist and writer.
Chong Eng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Li Ya : Li Ya (; born June 13, 1988 in Bengbu, Anhui) is a former Chinese gymnast.
Cheng Fei : She was a member of the gold medal-winning Chinese teams for the 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Aarhus, Denmark and 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China.
Kui Yuanyuan : In March 2006, she married her boyfriend of two years, a football player.
Kui Yuanyuan : After retiring from gymnastics, Kui had surgery on her knee.
Kui Yuanyuan : She began studying French at the Beijing University of International Business and Economics, but dropped out after a few semesters.
Kui Yuanyuan : Kui Yuanyuan (Simplified Chinese: 奎媛媛; born June 23, 1981) is a former artistic gymnast from China who competed in the 1996 and 2000 Olympic Games.
Jordan Hinson : Jordan Danger (born Jordan Hinson, June 4, 1991) is an American actress.
Rina Uchiyama : Uchiyama was first discovered in her hometown in Kanagawa Prefecture by the talent agency Sweet Power at the age of 15.
Betsy DeVos : On January 7, 2021, DeVos resigned from her position as Secretary of Education after the January 6 U.S. Capitol riots.
Betsy DeVos : On November 23, 2016, then-President-elect Donald Trump announced that he would nominate DeVos to serve as Secretary of Education in his administration.
Betsy DeVos : On February 7, 2017, she was confirmed by the Senate by a 51–50 margin, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie in favor of her nomination.
Betsy DeVos : Betsy DeVos's brother, Erik Prince, a former U.S. Navy SEAL officer, is the founder of Blackwater USA, a private military services contractor.
Shonda Rhimes : Rhimes adopted her first daughter in June 2002 and adopted another girl in February 2012.
Sumi Jo : Sumi Jo, OSI ( ; ] ; born 22 November 1962) is a South Korean lyric coloratura soprano known for her Grammy award-winning interpretations of the bel canto repertoire.
Yui Okada : Project Egg Audition 2004, the first audition to find Hello!
Yui Okada : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ágnes Szávay : 37.
Ágnes Szávay : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Momoko Tsugunaga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Momoko Tsugunaga : Berryz Kobo debuted on March 3, 2004 with the single "Anata Nashi de wa Ikite Yukenai", and she was one of the lead singers of the group.
Chinami Tokunaga : In 2002, she passed the Hello!
Chinami Tokunaga : Tokunaga was born in Kanagawa, Japan.
Chinami Tokunaga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maasa Sudo : In 2002, she successfully passed the Hello!
Maasa Sudo : The movie premiered in cinemas in Japan in December 2010, and the DVD was released March 3, 2011.
Maasa Sudo : Sudo was a member of the group Berryz Kobo from 2004 to 2015.
Risako Sugaya : On 31 December 2006, Sugaya once again took the stage at the 57th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen as a backup dancer in Morning Musume's performance of "Aruiteru", along with the remaining members of Berryz Kobo, Country Musume and Cute.
Risako Sugaya : She has also, like other Hello!
Audrey Marnay : Audrey Marnay (born 14 October 1980 in Chartres, department of Eure-et-Loir) is a French actress and model.
Audrey Marnay : Back in Paris, she was directed by Patrice Leconte, Raoul Ruiz, David Foenkinos, Stefan Liberski, Arielle Dombasle, and Cedric Klapisch.
Liu Yifei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna-Lena Grönefeld : Anna-Lena Grönefeld (also spelled Groenefeld; born 4 June 1985) is a German retired tennis player.
Esther Hicks : Hicks has since posted a video on YouTube further explaining her discomfort with "The Secret" and finally, her decision to discontinue involvement with the film.
Esther Hicks : A large part of Hicks' work centers around the law of attraction, a concept which William Walker Atkinson (1862–1932) wrote about in his book "Thought Vibration or the Law of Attraction in the Thought World" (1906).
Esther Hicks : In his early life Jerry Hicks had been a circus acrobat for two years in Cuba, and then, beginning in 1948, had toured for 20 years as a musician, MC, and comedian.
Esther Hicks : In an open letter posted on the internet, Hicks stated that she had been "uncomfortable with what felt to us like a rather aggressive marketing campaign," and that ultimately Abraham gave her the following advice: "Whenever you are given an ultimatum that says, 'if you don't do this, then we will have to do such and such,' it is best that you just let it go and move on.
Blake Lively : She made her professional debut at age 10, when she appeared in the 1998 film "Sandman", directed by Lively's father.
Marin Alsop : Marin Alsop ([ˈmɛər.ɪn ˈæːl.sɑːp]; born October 16, 1956) is an American conductor and violinist.
Marin Alsop : In 2014, Alsop first guest-conducted the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra (Vienna RSO).
Marin Alsop : On September 20, 2005, Alsop became the first conductor ever to receive a MacArthur Fellowship.
Marin Alsop : Alsop was born in New York City to professional musician parents, and was educated at the Masters School.
Marin Alsop : Alsop received an honorary degree of Doctor of Music from Bournemouth University on 7 November 2007.
Marin Alsop : In April 2007, Alsop was one of eight conductors of British orchestras to endorse the 10-year classical music outreach manifesto, "Building on Excellence: Orchestras for the 21st Century", to increase the presence of classical music in the UK, including giving free entry to all British schoolchildren to a classical music concert.
Katie Cassidy : Cassidy's paternal grandparents were actors Jack Cassidy and Evelyn Ward and she is the niece of teen idol and television producer Shaun Cassidy and actor Patrick Cassidy and Ryan Cassidy.
Priscilla Betti : ".
Priscilla Betti : After following traditional schooling until the end of 8th grade, she decided not to enter secondary school, instead taking correspondence courses so that she could better concentrate on her artistic career.
Priscilla Betti : Priscilla Betti was born on August 2, 1989 into a family living in Nice (Alpes-Maritimes).
Priscilla Betti : In the fall of 2014 Betti made her stage debut as the lead in a stage adaptation of the musical "Flashdance" which was shown in Théâtre du Gymnase in Paris until March 2015.
Priscilla Betti : Priscilla Betti (real name: Préscillia Betti; born August 2, 1989 in Nice), formerly known as simply Priscilla, is a French singer, dancer and actress.
Priscilla Betti : Songs from the first season were released as Betti's fifth album, "Casse comme du verre", in December 2007.
Yukie Nakama : In 2000, Nakama demonstrated her talent for comedy with her lead role in the Japanese television drama "Trick" which proved so popular that it had two more seasons and four film versions, but it was the top-rating 2002 TV series "Gokusen", a live-action version of the popular manga, that established her as one of Japan's most popular and bankable actresses.
Vivian Wu : She was chosen by "People" as one of The 50 Most Beautiful People in the World in 1990.
Vivian Wu : Wu married Cuban-born director and producer Oscar Luis Costo in 1994.
Yukino Kikuma : Kikuma announced her retirement from FujiTV in December 2007 to pursue studies in law, attending Omiya Law School.
Caroline Wozniacki : 1.
Katherine Legge : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katherine Legge : Katherine Anne Legge ( ; born 12 July 1980) is a British professional auto racing driver, competing in the Jaguar I-Pace eTrophy.
Katherine Legge : Legge signed for the Amlin Aguri team to compete in the inaugural season of the Formula E electric open-wheel series.
Katherine Legge : In November 2005, Legge became the first woman to test a Formula One car since Sarah Fisher in 2002, when she tested on the second and third days (22 and 23 November) of the Minardi team's final testing session at Vallelunga.
Mika Brzezinski : On October 23, 1993, Brzezinski married TV news reporter James Patrick Hoffer, now of WABC-TV.
Mika Brzezinski : Brzezinski was born in New York City, the daughter of Polish-born foreign policy expert and former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski and Swiss-born sculptor Emilie Anna Benešová.
Elizabeth Banks : In 1998, she completed schooling at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco, California, where she earned an MFA degree.
Elizabeth Banks : She starred in the films "Wet Hot American Summer" (2001), Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy (2002–2007), "Seabiscuit" (2003), "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "Slither" (2006), "Invincible" (2006), "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" (2008), "Role Models" (2008), "The Next Three Days" (2010), "Man on a Ledge" (2012), "What to Expect When You're Expecting" (2012), "The Lego Movie" (2014) and its , "Love & Mercy" (2014), "Magic Mike XXL" (2015), "Power Rangers" (2017), and "Brightburn" (2019).
Elizabeth Banks : On television, Banks had a recurring role as Avery Jessup on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock", which earned her two Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Elizabeth Banks : Elizabeth Banks (born Elizabeth Irene Mitchell; February 10, 1974) is an American actress, director, writer, and producer.
Yip Wing-sie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Anna Netrebko : She was invited to perform the Olympic Anthem, in Russian, at the 2014 Winter Olympics opening ceremony.
Elsa Lunghini : Lunghini takes part annually in the Tour of the Resto du Coeur soup-kitchen charity and helps causes such as Sol En Si.
Elsa Lunghini : Lunghini first performed in a movie at age seven, in 1981, in Claude Miller's "Garde à vue" (also starring Romy Schneider).
Elsa Lunghini : She is also a spokesperson for the Bout de Vie association, which helps the handicapped.
Elsa Lunghini : Daughter of George Lunghini (actor, photographer and songwriter) and Christiane Jobert (painter and also sister of actress Marlène Jobert and Charles Jobert, a camera operator and director of photography), she is of Italian origin on her father's side, and of Sephardic Jewish origin on her mother's side.
Michiru Ōshima : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Julia Donaldson : It has subsequently been translated into more than 40 languages, sold over 10 million copies worldwide, and has given rise to stage and screen productions by Tall Stories and Magic Light Pictures.
Julia Donaldson : She was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2019 New Year Honours.
Julia Donaldson : Julia Donaldson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born Julia Catherine Shields; born ) is an English writer, playwright and performer, and the 2011–2013 Children's Laureate.
Olivia Ong : On 17 November 2004, Olivia sang "Majulah Singapura" at the 2006 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifying rounds (Japan vs Singapore) at Saitama Stadium 2002 before the kick-off.
Daniella Monet : Daniella Monet Zuvic ( ; born March 1, 1989) is an American actress and singer, who first became known for portraying Megan Kleinman on the CBS sitcom "Listen Up!"
Daniella Monet : From 2010 to 2013, Monet starred in the Nickelodeon comedy series "Victorious" as Trina Vega, the elder sister of Tori Vega and a fellow student of Hollywood Arts but has no talent and is described as "weird", "annoying".
Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim : Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim (born 14 October 1946 in Freiburg), is a German sociologist.
Sylvia Lim : Sylvia Lim Swee Lian (; born 28 March 1965) is a Singaporean politician, criminal lawyer and academic serving as an elected Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Aljunied Group Representation Constituency for the division of Serangoon from 7 May 2011 to 22 June 2020, and for the division of Paya Lebar since 10 July 2020.
Sylvia Lim : In the 2011 general election, Lim again contested in Aljunied GRC, along with Muhamad Faisal Manap, Pritam Singh, Chen Show Mao and party leader Low Thia Khiang, who vacated his seat of Hougang to lead the charge in Aljunied.
Sylvia Lim : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Beata Poźniak : Poźniak was born in Gdańsk, Poland.
Beata Poźniak : After playing Earth Alliance President Susanna Luchenko in "Babylon 5" and a fiery young revolutionary in George Lucas' "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles", as well as a sharp scientist Ludmilla in "Dark Skies" or Eva in "Pensacola" she becomes known for playing badass female characters.
Jennifer Coolidge : Her charitable work has included a history of supporting AIDS assistance and animal rights.
Jennifer Coolidge : Jennifer Audrey Coolidge (born August 28, 1961) is an American actress, comedian, and activist.
Jennifer Coolidge : Coolidge attended Norwell High School, the Cambridge School of Weston, and pursued university studies at Emerson College in Boston and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.
Yoshimi Iwasaki : She appeared in the No Laughing Hotel Man special of the popular variety show Gaki no Tsukai which took place in 2009, performing a new version of the song Touch with slightly altered lyrics.
Risa Niigaki : After two years of dating, they held their marriage ceremony on July 11, 2016.
Carrie Ann Inaba : Carrie Ann Inaba (born January 5, 1968) is an American television personality, dancer, choreographer, actress, and singer.
Mary Elizabeth Winstead : She gained her first major role as Jessica Bennett in the NBC soap opera "Passions", from 1999 to 2000.
Cindy Sheehan : On March 7, 2006, Sheehan was arrested in New York "after blocking the door to the U.S. Mission to the U.N. offices" during a protest with Iraqi women against the war.
Cindy Sheehan : Cindy Lee Miller Sheehan (born July 10, 1957) is an American anti-war activist, whose son, U.S. Army Specialist Casey Sheehan, was killed by enemy action during the Iraq War.
Cindy Sherman : Cynthia Morris Sherman (born January 19, 1954) is a Pictures Generation American artist whose work consists primarily of photographic self-portraits, depicting herself in many different contexts and as various imagined characters.
Cindy Sherman : Sherman was also exposed to the contemporary art exhibited at the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, the two Buffalo campuses of the SUNY school system, Media Studies Buffalo, and the Center for Exploratory and Perceptual Arts, and Artpark, in nearby Lewiston, N.Y.
Cindy Sherman : In the early 1990s, Sherman worked with Minneapolis band Babes in Toyland, providing photographs for covers for the albums "Fontanelle" and "Painkillers", creating a stage backdrop used in live concerts, and acting in the promotional video for the song "Bruise Violet."
Cecelia Ahern : She is the face of Littlewoods Ireland.
Cecelia Ahern : Cecelia Ahern (born 30 September 1981) is an Irish novelist known for her works like "PS, I Love You", "Where Rainbows End" and "If You Could See Me Now".
Cecelia Ahern : Ahern also created and produced the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?"
Pik-Sen Lim : In 1964, she appeared in the hospital drama series "Emergency – Ward 10", playing a nurse.
Pik-Sen Lim : Her later appearances are roles in the short lived soap operas "Albion Market" (1985) and "Night and Day" (2003), as well as "Arabian Nights" (2000), "The Bill" (2005), and as a character in the comedy series "Little Britain" (2004).
Pik-Sen Lim : She also appeared in Don Houghton scripted "Doctor Who" serial "The Mind of Evil" in 1971, and the first three seasons of the sitcom "Mind Your Language" speaking Penang Hokkien as her Chinese language.
Pik-Sen Lim : Pik-Sen Lim (, born 15 September 1944) is a Malaysian actress based in the United Kingdom who has appeared on British television since the 1960s.
Sarah Murdoch : She also appeared on an episode of popular sitcom, "Friends" (S07E07).
Sarah Murdoch : Soon after she moved to Paris and started working as a runway model for Karl Lagerfeld, Issey Miyake, Chanel, Emanuel Ungaro, Gianfranco Ferré, Givenchy, Alberta Ferretti, Kenzo, Valentino and Oscar de la Renta.
Sarah Murdoch : She experienced media scrutiny during the 2010 "Australia's Next Top Model" Grand Final for announcing an incorrect winner.
Jang Jeong : Jang was born in Daejeon, South Korea.
Candie Kung : LPGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Talia Balsam : Balsam married actor George Clooney in Las Vegas in 1989; they were divorced in 1993.
Talia Balsam : Talia Balsam (born March 5, 1959) is an American television and film actress.
Therese Alshammar : Malin Therese Alshammar (born 26 August 1977 in Solna) is a Swedish swimmer who has won three Olympic medals, 25 World Championship medals, and 43 European Championship medals.
Naoko Mori : She returned to the West End on 20 November 2006, when she took over the role of Christmas Eve from Ann Harada in the London production of "Avenue Q", a role which she played until 14 April 2007.
Naoko Mori : Mori's father opened a bank account for her, handed her a cheque book and told her to find a flat or a bed sit for herself to live in.
Naoko Mori : When her parents were posted back to Japan, Mori was given the choice of either moving back to Japan with her parents or remaining in London on her own.
Naoko Mori : Mori portrayed Yoko Ono in the BBC Four production "Lennon Naked", which was broadcast in the UK on 23 Wednesday June 2010.
Asami Konno : It was announced via the Hello!
Asami Konno : Project at the time, on January 28, 2007, she appeared on stage at Hello!
Asami Konno : After leaving the group on March 31, 2011, she became a television presenter for TV Tokyo.
Asami Konno : Project's 2006 sports festival in the time of six minutes and thirteen seconds, getting her the MVP award.
Makoto Ogawa : On,March 31, 2009, She graduated from Hello!Project with the rest of the Elder Club.
Sandy Lam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susan Rice : Rice (1919–2011), a Cornell University economics professor and the second black governor of the Federal Reserve System.
Susan Rice : Rice served in the Clinton administration in various capacities: at the National Security Council (NSC) from 1993 to 1997 (as director for international organizations and peacekeeping from 1993 to 1995, and as special assistant to the president and senior director for African affairs from 1995 to 1997); and as Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs from 1997 to 2001.
Susan Rice : From 2002 to 2009, she was a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, where "she focused on U.S. foreign policy, weak and failing states, the implications of global poverty, and transnational threats to security."
Sunita Williams : Williams was assigned to the International Space Station as a member of Expedition 14 and Expedition 15.
Moon Geun-young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Moon Geun-young : Their agencies confirmed that Moon dated her "Goddess of Fire" co-star Kim Bum for seven months, from October 2013 to April 2014.
Missi Pyle : She has two older sisters, Debbie and Julie; two older brothers, Sam and Paul; one younger half-brother, Gordon; and a half-sister, Meredith.
Amy Deasismont : At the end of 2012 Deasismont started working on her new music.
Amy Deasismont : From December 2009 to March 2010, she starred as Alice in "Alice in Wonderland" at the Maxim theatre in Stockholm.
Amy Deasismont : It was going to tour Sweden in 2011, but in December 2010 the production company 3Sagas was unable to finance the tour and it was cancelled.
Amy Deasismont : Deasismont is the Swedish voice of the film "Princess Lillifee", which premiered in Swedish cinemas on 10 September.
Amy Deasismont : In May 2008, the jewelry maker Tussilagosmycken launched a product called "Amy's Diamond".
Amy Deasismont : Deasismont was one of seven celebrity choir leaders in the third season of the Swedish TV4 show "Körslaget" ("Clash of the Choirs"), leading a choir team from her hometown of Jönköping.
Amy Deasismont : Deasismont was born in Norrköping, Sweden as Amy Linnéa Deasismont, the second child of an English father, Lee, and a Swedish mother, Chrisbeth.
Amy Deasismont : She went to a dance and theater school called "Blandgodis", and participated in theater and TV productions which gave her experience in public performing.
Amy Deasismont : The album includes twenty songs from the previous four years as well as four new songs, including covers of Cyndi Lauper's "True Colors", "Only You" by Yazoo and "Perfect" by Fairground Attraction.
Isha Koppikar : The shoot led to work in advertising as a model, notably for "L'Oréal", "Rexona", "Camay", "Tips & Toes" and "Coca-Cola".
Zelda Williams : Her father stated that he named her after Princess Zelda from "The Legend of Zelda" video game series.
Zelda Williams : Zelda Rae Williams (born July 31, 1989) is an American actress, director, producer and writer.
Vivian Chow : In 1990, Chow acted in her first TV drama "The Hunter's Prey" and released her first and second solo album "Vivian" and "情迷".
Vivian Chow : In 1996, Chow released her last Cantonese debut album "熱敏" in May, last Mandarin debut album "Time" in October and the first Mandarin featured album "周慧敏的敏感地帶" in December before her semi-retirement.
Mikuni Shimokawa : Mikuni is currently married to voice actor Tsuyoshi Koyama.
Lera Auerbach : Lera Auerbach ( , born Valeria Lvovna Averbakh, ; October 21, 1973) is a Soviet-born American classical composer and concert pianist.
Clara Law : Clara Law Cheuk-yiu (, born 29 May 1957 in Macau) is a Hong Kong Second Wave film director.
Kelly Poon : Kelly Poon () (born 11 July 1983) is a Singaporean Chinese singer who emerged from one of the Project SuperStar singing competition held in Singapore.
Kelly Poon : She released her first album Love Me, Kelly on 14 February 2006 in Singapore.
Kelly Poon : She supposedly impressed both the critics and the judges with her on-stage personality and versatility, and then came in second in the Grand Finals of Project Superstar whilst securing a recording deal with Universal Music.
Edwige Fenech : In the 1980s, she became a television personality, typically appearing with Barbara Bouchet on a chat show on Italian television.
Edwige Fenech : After many years of work in movie production, she co-produced "The Merchant of Venice" (2004) with Al Pacino, and later accepted Eli Roth's offer to star in another movie, "".
Edwige Fenech : Fenech starred in many genres of cinema but her greatest commercial success came with "commedia sexy all'italiana" films, particularly including earlier works "Ubalda, All Naked and Warm" and "Giovannona Long-Thigh", as well as the following "l'insegnante" (school teacher), "la soldatessa" (soldier), "la poliziotta" (policewoman) series and other films that featured Fenech in stereotypical professions, which further bolstered Fenech's position as the most popular actress of the genre.
Edwige Fenech : Edwige Fenech (] , ] ; born Edwige Sfenek on 24 December 1948) is an French-born Italian actress and film producer.
Chingmy Yau : In 1999 she married Hong Kong fashion designer Sham Kar Wai, founder of Hong Kong-based fashion company I.T.
Chingmy Yau : Yau received four Hong Kong Film Award nominations for her acting: for Best Supporting Actress in 1992 for "Lee Rock", and for Best Actress in 1993 for "Naked Killer", in 1996 for "I'm Your Birthday Cake", and in 1999 for "Hold You Tight".
Lorraine Crosby : Inspired by Tina Turner, Crosby searched the noticeboard for bands wanting singers at the guitar shop Rock City in Newcastle.
Lorraine Crosby : In November 2007, she appeared on the BBC Three television show "Most Annoying Pop Songs We Hate to Love" discussing the Meat Loaf track "I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do That)" which featured at No.
Shirin Neshat : In July 2009 Neshat took part in a three-day hunger strike at the United Nations Headquarters in New York in protest of the 2009 Iranian presidential election.
Shirin Neshat : In 2013 she was a member of the jury at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival.
Hong Ying : Hong Ying has long been interested in stories of homosexuals living in China, a theme explored in her short story collection, "A Lipstick Called Red Pepper: Fiction About Gay and Lesbian Love in China 1993–1998".
Lisa Ray : A "Times of India" poll named her the "ninth most beautiful woman of the millennium," the only model in the top ten.
Lisa Ray : She began writing "The Yellow Diaries," a blog about her experiences in living with cancer.
Lisa Ray : On 5 July 2010, Ray hosted an informal lunch for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip during their visit to Toronto.
Lisa Ray : The documentary was made by Namrata Singh Gujral and featured cancer survivors Olivia Newton-John, Diahann Carroll, Melissa Etheridge, Mumtaz, Bárbara Mori and Jaclyn Smith, as well as William Baldwin, Daniel Baldwin, and Priya Dutt, whose lives have been touched by cancer.
Akina Nakamori : On 28 October 2010, Nakamori staff has announced her indefinite hiatus from music activities due to fatigue and health problems.
Isabel Lucas : Her father is Australian and her mother is Swiss.
Isabel Lucas : Isabel Lucas (born 29 January 1985) is an Australian actress, model, and anti-vaccine activist.
Isabel Lucas : As a child, Lucas lived in Cairns, Queensland.
Isabel Lucas : Lucas attended St. Monica's College in Cairns.
Elena Anaya : Her best-known Hollywood film role was as Aleera, one of Dracula's brides in 2004's "Van Helsing".
Elena Anaya : In 2006, Anaya appeared in Justin Timberlake's music video for his single, "SexyBack".
Elena Anaya : In November 2016, it was announced that Anaya was expecting her first child with her partner, Tina Afugu Cordero, a costume designer.
Elena Anaya : In August 2011, Spanish tabloid magazine "Cuore" published photographs of Anaya kissing director Beatriz Sanchís at a naturist beach in Menorca.
Elena Anaya : After some "quiet" years playing supporting roles in international films such as "Savage Grace" and "Cairo Time", Anaya roared back into prominence with a starring role in 2010's "Room in Rome", and then a return to Almodóvar in "The Skin I Live In".
Amy Ryan : Ryan married Eric Slovin in 2011.
Amy Ryan : After being voted Best Supporting Actress for "Gone Baby Gone" by the National Board of Review, as well as the critics circles in New York, Los Angeles, Boston, San Francisco and Washington, D.C., Ryan's performance was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and an Oscar for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting role at the 80th Academy Awards.
Samantha Stosur : She went away on her first overseas trip at the age of 13, competing in the World Youth Cup in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Samantha Stosur : In 2001, when she was 16, she joined the Australian Institute of Sport tennis program.
Samantha Stosur : After losing in Melbourne, Stosur and Raymond won 18 straight matches, winning titles in Tokyo, Memphis, Indian Wells and Miami.
Samantha Stosur : In July, she teamed up with American Lisa Raymond, winning seven WTA doubles titles before the end of the year, including the US Open, the Kremlin Cup and the WTA Championships.
Karolina Šprem : Karolina Šprem Baghdatis (born 25 October 1984) is a retired professional tennis player from Croatia.
Francesca Schiavone : 1.
Francesca Schiavone : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Francesca Schiavone : Schiavone played in the longest ever women's singles match at a Grand Slam tournament, when she defeated Svetlana Kuznetsova 6–4, 1–6, 16–14 in the fourth round of the 2011 Australian Open women's singles draw, the match lasted 4 hours and 44 minutes and in the process secured her first and only quarterfinal at the Australian Open.
Romola Garai : Her family moved to Singapore when she was five, and returned to Wiltshire in England when she was eight.
Gabriela Szabo : Throughout her entire career she was coached by Zsolt Gyöngyössy, whom she eventually married.
Gabriela Szabo : Gabriela Szabo (] , born 14 November 1975) is a retired Romanian runner.
Gabriela Szabo : She competed in the 1500 m and 5000 m events at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics and won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal.
Min Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Min Lee : Lee has performed with renowned orchestras including Prague Chamber Orchestra, Singapore Symphony Orchestra, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Vienna Chamber Orchestra, Academy of St Martin in the Fields, Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra and Russian National Orchestra.
Jaël : She worked several times with Delerium, co-writing, and singing "After All" on their album "Chimera", "Lost and Found" on their album "Nuages du Monde", and "Light Your Light" on their 2012 album "Music Box Opera".
Carly Pope : Pope joined the main cast of the NBC legal drama television series "Outlaw" in 2010, portraying Lucinda Pearl.
Carly Pope : Carly Pope (born August 28, 1980) is a Canadian actress.
Carly Pope : On December 29, 2009, Carly and her brother, Kris Pope, were driving a black BMW down West Georgia Street in Downtown Vancouver when David Fomradas, 31, of Alberta jumped on top of the car and yelled at them to run him over.
Carly Pope : In 2009, she appeared in FOX's hit thriller, "24", as Samantha Roth, the president's son's girlfriend.
Janet Guthrie : Guthrie married Warren Levine, a charter airline pilot, in 1989.
Janet Guthrie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Janet Guthrie : The petition called on Saudi King Abdullah to sponsor a Saudi Women's Grand Prix.
Janet Guthrie : In it, she says, "You can go back to antiquity to find women doing extraordinary things, but their history is forgotten.
Janet Guthrie : Janet Guthrie (born March 7, 1938) is a retired professional race car driver and the first woman to qualify and compete in both the Indianapolis 500 and the Daytona 500, both in 1977.
Janet Guthrie : Guthrie was originally an aerospace engineer, and after graduating from the University of Michigan with a physics degree in 1960, she worked with Republic Aviation.
Janet Guthrie : Her 2005 autobiography, "Janet Guthrie: A Life at Full Throttle", has received critical praise from such publications as "Sports Illustrated".
Jodi Picoult : She studied creative writing at Princeton University with Mary Morris, and graduated in 1987 with an A.B.
Peggy Yu : Peggy Yu or Yu Yu (; born 1965) is a Chinese businesswoman.
Amrita Singh : Amrita Singh (born 9 February 1958) is an Indian actress.
Charmaine Sheh : Charmaine Sheh Sze-man (; born 28 May 1975) is a Hong Kong actress.
Kristina Schröder : After finishing her abitur in 1997, she studied sociology, history, philosophy, and political science at Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz.
Kristina Schröder : Kristina Schröder ("née" Köhler, born 3 August 1977) is a German politician who served as the Federal Minister of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2009 to 2013.
Liu Xiaoqing : She was arrested for tax evasion in connection with her company, Beijing Xiaoqing Culture and Arts Company Ltd., in 2002, was fined 7.1 million yuan (to accommodate money for the fine, she was forced to sell some of her possessions), and imprisoned for a year.
Gauri Khan : They have a son Aryan (born 1997) and a daughter Suhana (born 2000).
Fanny Law : Fanny Law Fan Chiu-fun {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (; "née " Fan; born 24 February 1953) is a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong.
Athena Chu : Chu was the first Chinese actress to be nominated at the International Emmy Award for Best Actress, for her role as a disabled but inspirational women who overcomes all odds in the television series "Wall-less World" (2010).
Mee Moua : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mee Moua : She is married to Yee Chang, with whom she has three children.
Mee Moua : Moua obtained an undergraduate degree from Brown University, a master's degree in public policy from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Minnesota Law School.
Lindsay Duncan : Duncan was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours for services to drama.
Ping Lu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ping Lu : Ms. Lu re-imagines the lives of Sun Yat-sen and Soong Ching-ling, a legendary couple in modern China.
Landy Wen : Landy Wen (; Atayal: "Yungai Hayung") is a Taiwanese singer.
Chiara Mastroianni : Mastroianni earned a César Award nomination for her first feature film appearance in André Téchiné's "My Favorite Season" (1993), starring her mother in the lead role.
Fu Ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fu Ying : In February 2010 she returned to China and was replaced by Liu Xiaoming.
Fu Ying : Fu Ying (born January 1953) is a Chinese politician and diplomat, best known for her terms as the ambassador to the Philippines, Australia, and the United Kingdom, as well as Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Brandi Carlile : In June 2012 she announced she was engaged to Catherine Shepherd.
Brandi Carlile : At age eight, Carlile performed Johnny Cash's "Tennessee Flat Top Box" with her mother, Teresa Carlile and began playing the guitar and writing songs at age 15.
Daria Werbowy : "Vogue Paris" declared her one of the top 30 models of the 2000s.
Daria Werbowy : Daria Werbowy (born November 19, 1983) is a Ukrainian-Canadian fashion model born in Poland.
Daria Werbowy : She has appeared in advertising campaigns for Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent, Gucci, Hermés, Prada, Missoni, Versace, Celine, Louis Vuitton, Roberto Cavalli, Valentino, Dior, Lancome, Zara, Balmain, Jean Paul Gaultier, David Yurman, Salvatore Ferragamo, Hugo Boss, Isabel Marant, DSquared2, Loewe, Diane Von Furstenberg, Mango, Balenciaga, Tiffany & Co., AG Adriano Goldschmied, H&M, and Bloomingdale's.
Shinobu Asagoe : In May of the following year, she reached her career-high doubles ranking (13th).
Elena Bovina : She has won three career singles titles, including the Tier II Pilot Pen Tennis Open.
Elena Bovina : Elena Olegovna Bovina ( ) (born 10 March 1983) is a professional tennis player from Russia.
Wang Yuyan : On July 31, 2015 she was named party chief of Yuncheng.
Wang Yuyan : Wang Yuyan (; born May 1966) is a Chinese politician serving as head of the Organization Department of the Qinghai organization of the Communist Party of China.
Wang Yuyan : In May 2017, Wang was transferred to Qinghai to serve on the provincial party standing committee and the head of the party organization department there.
Wang Yuyan : In 2008, she became party chief of Xiangcheng City (county-level), in December 2011 she was named deputy party chief of Jiyuan, then acting mayor (Jiyuan is a county-level division directly governed by the province; when Wang served here, she was considered an official of full prefecture-level rank).
Wang Yuyan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ami Suzuki : They have two sons (born 12 January 2017 and 15 February 2020, respectively).
Judith Hermann : Judith Hermann (born May 15, 1970) is a German author.
Judith Hermann : In 2009, her latest collection of short stories, "Alice", was published.
Gong Zhichao : Gong Zhichao (; born 15 December 1977) is a former badminton player from the People's Republic of China.
Ville Lång : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Ville Lång : The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Nathalie Descamps : Nathalie Descamps (born 5 January 1983 in Bilzen) is a right-handed badminton player from Belgium.
Shenae Grimes : They were married on May 10, 2013 in Ashford, Kent, England.
Shenae Grimes : Shenae Grimes-Beech ( ; born October 24, 1989 ), previously credited as Shenae Grimes, is a Canadian actress.
Wong Mew Choo : The couple had their first child, Kingston on 12 April 2013 and their second child, Terrance on 9 July 2015.
Eriko Hirose : She then started a career as a coach in Japan National B Team.
Kati Tolmoff : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eva Lee : Eva Lee (, born August 7, 1986) is a Chinese American badminton player.
Eva Lee : She won three gold medals, one in women's singles, one in women's doubles with Mesinee Mangkalakiri, and another in mixed doubles with Howard Bach.
Larisa Griga : Larisa Valeriïvna Griga ( ; born 31 May 1984) is a badminton player from Ukraine.
Agnese Allegrini : Agnese Allegrini (born 3 July 1982, in Rome) is a badminton player from Italy.
Ella Diehl : Ella Aleksandrovna Diehl ( ), (born 5 August 1978; née Karachkova ( )) is a badminton player from Russia.
Cristina Aicardi : Christina Irene Aicardi Cagigao (born 14 January 1986) is a Peruvian badminton player.
Yip Pui Yin : In 2007, she played at the World Championships and was defeated in the third round by Zhu Lin, of China, 9–21, 21–16, 14–21.
Abbie Cornish : Abbie Cornish (born 7 August 1982) is an Australian actress and singer.
Abbie Cornish : She is committed to cruelty-free eating, and in 2006, became an ambassador for Australian animal rights group Voiceless, the animal-protection institute, and was part of a national advertising campaign in 2012.
Abbie Cornish : Abbie Cornish was born on 7 August 1982 in Lochinvar, New South Wales, Australia, as the second of five children of Shelley and Barry Cornish.
Joyce Cheng : The press conference was held on 26 February 2018.
Joyce Cheng : Joyce Cheng Yan-yee (born 30 May 1987) is a Hong Kong Canadian singer, writer and actress based in Hong Kong.
Peng Shuai : On 8 August 2018, Peng was banned for 'coercing her partner' receiving a six months suspension with three months of the ban suspended, and fined $10,000 with $5,000 suspended following an investigation by the Tennis Integrity Unit, for attempting to change her doubles partner by offering the possibility of a financial reward in return for her partner agreeing to withdraw, after the deadline had passed, at the 2017 Wimbledon Championships.
Barbara Schett : Barbara Schett Eagle (] ; born 10 March 1976) is an Austrian former professional tennis player, who reached her highest singles ranking of world No.
Marlies Schild : (Ref.
Marlies Schild : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Farahnaz Pahlavi : Farahnaz Pahlavi ( ; born 12 March 1963) is the eldest daughter of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi by his third wife, Farah Diba.
Julie Halard-Decugis : She married her coach, Arnaud Decugis, on 22 September 1995.
Julie Halard-Decugis : Julie Halard-Decugis (born 10 September 1970) is a French former professional tennis player.
María Vento-Kabchi : María Alejandra Vento-Kabchi (born 24 May 1974) is a former female tennis player from Venezuela.
Annie Yi : Born Wu Jingyi () in Taipei, Taiwan, she changed her name to Shizuka Inō ( ; also spelled "Inou Shizuka" or "Inoh Shizuka") after her mother remarried a Japanese man, 伊能祥光, and then simplified her new name by dropping the last character to Yi Nengjing upon returning to Taiwan in 1988 to launch her singing career.
Annie Yi : In 2019, Annie Yi removed her social media post promoting the teachings of Indian godman Kalki Bhagwan after the Chinese Ministry of Public Security (MPS) and China Anti-Cult Association (CACA) issued a warning about the Oneness cult's activities in the state run media Global Times.
Jade Raymond : Raymond founded Haven Entertainment Studios, a new independent development studio, on March 16, 2021 with Sony Interactive Entertainment investing in the studio to create a new original IP for PlayStation.
Anna Chakvetadze : She announced her retirement on 11 September 2013, due to a persisting back injury.
Anna Chakvetadze : Anna Djambuliovna Chakvetadze ( ; born 5 March 1987) is a Russian former professional tennis player.
Ulrika Knape : Ulrika Margareta Knape-Lindberg (née "Knape" on 26 April 1955) is a retired Swedish diver.
Li Yuchun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Li Yuchun : Li Yuchun (; born March 10, 1984), better known by her stage name Chris Lee, is a Chinese singer, songwriter, DJ and actress.
Kerry Washington : As a sort of souvenir or memento, she usually tries to keep something from every character that she plays, such as an item of wardrobe or a piece of furniture from the house the character lived in.
Kerry Washington : "Time" magazine included Washington in its "Time" 100 list of most influential people in 2014.
Kerry Washington : On May 19, 2013, she was the commencement speaker for her "alma mater", George Washington University.
Kerry Washington : Washington was engaged to actor David Moscow from October 2004 to March 2007.
Kerry Washington : Her mother's family is from Manhattan, and Washington has said that her mother is from a "mixed-race background and from Jamaica, so she is partly English and Scottish and Native American, but also descended from enslaved Africans in the Caribbean."
Kerry Washington : In film, Washington is known for her roles as Della Bea Robinson in "Ray" (2004), as Kay in "The Last King of Scotland" (2006), as Alicia Masters in the live-action "Fantastic Four" films of 2005 and , and as Broomhilda von Shaft in Quentin Tarantino's "Django Unchained" (2012).
Lucía Etxebarría : Lucía Etxebarria de Asteinza (7 December 1966 in Valencia) is a Spanish writer as Lucía Etxebarría.
Diane Cluck : A brilliant idiosyncratic guitarist, a witty and wise lyricist, an imaginative melody writer with a powerful voice; her dark and introspective tunes are utterly captivating, sorta like an earthier Kate Bush.
Diane Cluck : She began taking piano lessons at the age of 7, and was classically trained on scholarship at the Pennsylvania Academy of Music.
Khandro Rinpoche : She speaks fluent English, Standard Tibetan, and Hindi and has completed a Western education at St. Joseph's Convent, Wynberg Allen School, Mussoorie, and St. Mary's Convent, both in India.
Simmone Jade Mackinnon : She and her family later uprooted to Coffs Harbour in New South Wales.
Simmone Jade Mackinnon : Mackinnon gave birth to her first child, a boy, Madigan James Mackinnon, on 19 March 2010, her 37th birthday.
Simmone Jade Mackinnon : Simone Jade Mackinnon (born 19 March 1973) is an Australian actress.
Bobo Chan : Bobo Chan Man-Woon is a former Hong Kong singer and model.
Gayle Rubin : Arguing the need for well-maintained historical archives for sexual minorities, Rubin has written that "queer life is full of examples of fabulous explosions that left little or no detectable trace... Those who fail to secure the transmission of their histories are doomed to forget them".
Gayle Rubin : Rubin first rose to recognition through her 1975 essay "The Traffic in Women: Notes on the 'Political Economy' of Sex", which had a galvanizing effect on feminist theory.
Gayle Rubin : She has written on a range of subjects including feminism, sadomasochism, prostitution, pedophilia, pornography and lesbian literature, as well as anthropological studies and histories of sexual subcultures, especially focused in urban contexts.
Ali Smith : Ali Smith CBE FRSL (born 24 August 1962) is a Scottish author, playwright, academic and journalist.
Yun Kōga : She began her career as a dōjinshi artist creating dōjinshi for works such as "Saint Seiya", "Captain Tsubasa" and "Maōden".
Tamiyo Kusakari : From Toshima, Tokyo, Kusakari started dancing professionally at the age of eight and won the first prize at the Japan Ballet Competition of 1987.
Tian Zhen : Tian Zhen (born 2 May 1966) is a Chinese rock singer from Beijing.
Tian Zhen : "Cheers,Mate"（干杯，朋友）,"What a big tree"(好大一棵树）,"The girl from Ali Mountain"(阿里山的姑娘), "Night Stand" (水姻缘), "Roses in the storms and rainbows"（风雨彩虹铿锵玫瑰) , are very successful songs.
Jane Zhang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jane Zhang : Zhang's second studio album, "Update", was released in 2007 and contained R&B and jazz elements.
Julia Schruff : Julia Schruff (born 16 August 1982) is a retired professional German tennis player.
Kim Jong-su : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kye Sun-hui : She has been awarded the Kim Il-sung Prize and the titles of People's Athlete and Labor Hero.
Jennifer Shay : Jennifer Mary Shay, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (March 27, 1930 - May 7, 2018) was a Canadian academic and ecologist.
Tamarine Tanasugarn : Police Lieutenant Tamarine Tanasugarn ( , , ] ; born 24 May 1977) is a Thai professional tennis player.
Barbora Strýcová : In February and March, she won three doubles titles in Paris, Acapulco and Monterrey, her sixth, seventh and eighth tournament wins in the doubles discipline.
Anne Kremer : Anne completed her schooling at the Athénée de Luxembourg and subsequently studied English and history at Stanford University in California.
Rosa Montero : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Moza bint Nasser : Sheikha Moza bint Nasser ( , born in Al Khor, Qatar on 15 January 1959) is the consort of Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, former Emir of the State of Qatar.
Kristen Stewart : Also, A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" noted "Ms. Stewart, watchful and unassuming, gives the movie its spine and soul."
Kristen Stewart : On December 6, 2011, Stewart was named number one on "Forbes" magazine's list of "Hollywood's Best Actors for the Buck".
Kristen Stewart : She ranked number 7 on AskMen's list of "Top 99 Women" for 2013.
Kristen Stewart : Certain critics found Stewart's chemistry with Pattinson lacking and said that the relationship between their characters came off like a "charade" onscreen, or that none of the three leads was convincing in their role.
Kristen Stewart : On January 13, 2012, she became the face of a new unnamed Balenciaga perfume; in June, its name was promoted as "Florabotanica".
Kristen Stewart : Stewart, aged 13 at the time of filming, played a high school freshman, Melinda Sordino, who nearly stops speaking after being raped.
Kristen Stewart : In 2009, Stewart starred in "The Yellow Handkerchief", which debuted at the Sundance Film Festival and was released into theaters in 2010 by Samuel Goldwyn Films.
Kristen Stewart : Stewart was listed as the highest-earning actress in the "Vanity Fair" "Hollywood Top Earners List of 2010", with estimated earnings of $28.5 million.
Kristen Stewart : She recalled, "I never wanted to be the center of attention—I wasn't that 'I want to be famous, I want to be an actor' kid.
Corina Morariu : In 2001, Morariu was diagnosed with leukemia and began a program of chemotherapy.
Corina Morariu : Corina Maria Morariu (born January 26, 1978) is an American former professional tennis player.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, she stepped down from this post to serve as co-chair (alongside Helen Clark) of the WHO’s Independent Panel for Pandemic Preparedness and Response (IPPR).
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : In the late evening hours of 13 January 2018, she along with some officials of the Unity Party were expelled by the National Executive Committee of the party, for failing to support Unity's presidential candidate, Joseph Boakai.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : Her grandmother, Juah Sarwee, sent Sirleaf's mother to the capital, Monrovia, when her German husband (Sirleaf's grandfather) had to flee the country after Liberia declared war on Germany during World War I. Cecilia Dunbar, a member of a prominent Americo-Liberian family in the capital, adopted and raised Sirleaf's mother.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : Sirleaf studied economics and public policy at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government from 1969 to 1971, gaining a Master of Public Administration.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf : Her father was sent to Monrovia for education, where he changed his surname to Johnson due to his father's loyalty to President Hilary R. W. Johnson, Liberia's first native-born president.
Lauren Conrad : In 2008, Conrad began dating actor Kyle Howard.
Romina Power : Power is a polyglot who speaks five languages: English, Italian, Spanish, French and Dutch.
Romina Power : She appeared in several mainly Italian-language films from the age of 14, including of the Marquis de Sade's novel "Justine", directed by Jesus Franco.
Romina Power : After her parents divorced in 1956, she and her younger sister Taryn lived with their mother in various places, mainly in Mexico and Italy where she and her sister spent much of their childhood, although Romina attended Cobham Hall School in Kent, England.
Nique : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nique : Dominique Greene (born March 10, 1998), better known by her stage name Nique, is an American rapper, producer, songwriter and YouTuber from Baton Rouge
Saori Yoshida : Yoshida was the flagbearer for Japan at the 2006 Asian Games and at the 2012 Olympics.
Samantha Power : She attended Lakeside High School in Atlanta, Georgia, where she was a member of the cross country team and the basketball team.
Samantha Power : Samantha Jane Power (born September 21, 1970) is an American academic and Pulitzer Prize-winning author who served as the 28th United States Ambassador to the United Nations from 2013 to 2017.
Samantha Power : She won a Pulitzer Prize in 2003 for her book "A Problem from Hell: America and the Age of Genocide", a study of the U.S. foreign policy response to genocide.
Samantha Power : As U.N. ambassador, Power's office focused on such issues as United Nations reform, women's rights and LGBT rights, religious freedom and religious minorities, refugees, human trafficking, human rights, and democracy, including in the Middle East and North Africa, Sudan, and Myanmar.
Victoria Justice : In 2003, Justice began her acting career when she was 10 years old, making a guest appearance on the "Gilmore Girls" episode "The Hobbit, the Sofa and Digger Stiles."
Sandrine Bonnaire : Sandrine Bonnaire (] ; born 31 May 1967) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter who has appeared in more than 40 films.
Sandrine Bonnaire : Bonnaire has a daughter, Jeanne, from a relationship with actor William Hurt, whom she met in 1991 during filming of the Albert Camus novel "The Plague" ("La Peste").
Yu Yamada : On March 14, 2012, Yamada married Japanese actor Shun Oguri, and is a mother of 3, as of April 2020, according to reports made by an undisclosed acquaintance.
Seiko Noda : ).
Seiko Noda : ).
Seiko Noda : In the Obuchi Cabinet formed on July 30, 1998, she was selected as Minister of Posts and Telecommunications, at 37 becoming the youngest post-war cabinet minister ever (a title formerly held by Kakuei Tanaka who was selected at age 39).
Seiko Noda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Frances Yip : She is best known for performing many of the theme songs for television series produced by TVB in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Gemma Atkinson : Gemma Louise Atkinson (born 16 November 1984) is an English actress, radio presenter and former glamour model.
Parinya Charoenphol : Parinya Charoenphol ( ; ), born 9 June 1981, nicknamed Toom, also known by the stage name Parinya Kiatbusaba and the colloquial name Nong Toom, is a Thai boxer, former muay Thai (Thai boxing) champion, model and actress.
Audrey Hollander : Audrey Hollander is an American pornographic actress.
Audrey Hollander : As of November 2013, she has appeared in over 400 productions and is credited as co-director for the "Otto and Audrey Destroy the World" series of films.
Catherine Tizard : Tizard had been informed of her impending appointment by her former husband Bob Tizard, who was a member of Cabinet at the time.
Samantha Lewthwaite : Samantha Louise Lewthwaite ( ; born 5 December 1983), also known as Sherafiyah Lewthwaite or the White Widow, is a British jihadist who is one of the Western world's most wanted terrorism suspects.
Samantha Lewthwaite : She was accused of orchestrating grenade attacks at non-Muslim places of worship, and is believed to have been behind an attack on those watching football in a bar in Mombasa during Euro 2012.
Stephy Tang : In March 2015, Tang, who became a fashion label founder/owner (Loey), got sponsorship from the shop to reassemble a women's volleyball team, with herself being a left wing spiker as well as the captain and founder of the team (she cannot become a captain as a libero), and participated in an open-grade C-class qualifications, where it got a record of a win and a loss.
Theresa Fu : Theresa Fu (born 22 September 1984) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer, film and television actress, and model.
Kary Ng : Commencing in 2005, Ng had officially begun developing her career as a solo artist.
Miki Yeung : In 2005, her film "b420" was awarded the Grand Prix Award: The 19th Fukuoka Asian Film Festival.
Keeley Hazell : In 2007, Hazell and IT expert Gary Schwartz co-presented "Byte Me TV", an online programme that tried to explain technology in an easy-to-understand way.
Keeley Hazell : Keeley Rebecca Hazell (born 18 September 1986) is an English glamour model, musician, singer and actress.
Keeley Hazell : In 2008, Hazell and agent Ginny Mettrick co-founded a modelling agency called Muse Management.
Keeley Hazell : Hazell was chosen to promote Sony Computer Entertainment Europe's "Formula One 06" video game released in July 2006 for PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable; and "Formula One Championship Edition" for PlayStation 3 the following year.
Keeley Hazell : Hazell had a small role in the 2006 film "Cashback" after it had been reworked from a short into a full-length movie.
Keeley Hazell : Hazell has also signed up to take part in the Breakthrough Generations Study consisting of 100,000 women and spanning 40 years; the study aims to be the largest and most comprehensive of its kind.
Keeley Hazell : Hazell was hailed by Conservative leader David Cameron in December 2006 as an "environmental hero" for her campaigns in "The Sun", giving environmental tips such as turning lights off during the day.
Bobbi Billard : In July 2016, Billard was named part of a class action lawsuit filed against WWE which alleged that wrestlers incurred traumatic brain injuries during their tenure and that the company concealed the risks of injury.
Bobbi Billard : Billard was born in Austin, Texas and later moved to Richardson, Texas and then to Mission Viejo, California.
Susanne Sundfør : Susanne Aartun Sundfør (] ; born 19 March 1986) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and record producer.
Susanne Sundfør : That same year, Sundfør covered Bob Dylan's "Masters of War" at Store Studio, NRK.
Susanne Sundfør : In 2010, her second studio album "The Brothel" was released to great acclaim in Norway, and ended up becoming the best-selling album of the year.
Susanne Sundfør : It served as the lead single to her fourth studio album "Ten Love Songs", released in February 2015.
Susanne Sundfør : She said in a 2013 interview, "I think I only decided that this is something that I wanted to spend my entire life doing after I released "The Brothel", because that was the first time I really felt like I had 'found' a sound."
Janine Jansen : She is married to Swedish conductor Daniel Blendulf and lives in Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Janine Jansen : She began to study the violin at age 6, and has studied with Coosje Wijzenbeek, Philippe Hirschhorn, and Boris Belkin.
Janine Jansen : Janine Jansen (born (1978--)7 1978 ) is a Dutch violinist and violist.
Janine Jansen : In live concerts, she has received standing ovations from enthusiastic audiences, for example at the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra 2006 concert at Berlin's Waldbühne, with a full attendance of 25,000, and in Los Angeles at the Walt Disney Concert Hall with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra in 2008 to a sold-out audience.
Janine Jansen : Her mother was a classical singer; her brother David is a harpsichordist and organist; her brother Maarten is a cellist; and her uncle is the bass singer Peter Kooy.
Wu Shu-chen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wu Shu-chen : Wu Shu-chen (; born 11 July 1953 in Tainan County, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese politician.
Wu Shu-chen : On 18 November 1985, while with her husband on a trip to thank supporters after he lost the Tainan County mayoral election, the driver of a scratch-built farm vehicle ran over her three times.
Chiang Hsiao-chang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chiang Hsiao-chang : Chiang Hsiao-chang (; born 1938) is the only daughter of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988.
Arlene Foster : In January 2016, as she was poised to become First Minister, Foster stated that she would not be travelling to Dublin for the official centenary celebrations of the 1916 uprising against British rule, describing the rising as "an attack on democracy".
Arlene Foster : degree.
Arlene Foster : degree.
Arlene Foster : Arlene Isabel Foster, PC, MLA ("née" Kelly; born 17 July 1970), is a Northern Irish politician serving as First Minister of Northern Ireland since January 2020, and previously from 2016 to 2017.
Arlene Foster : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Regina Spektor : Regina Ilyinichna Spektor ( , ] ; born February 18, 1980) is a Russian-American singer, songwriter, and pianist.
Barbara Stamm : Barbara Stamm (born 29 October 1944) is a German politician of the CSU.
Lionel Shriver : Lionel Shriver (born Margaret Ann Shriver; May 18, 1957) is an American author and journalist who lives in the United Kingdom.
Lionel Shriver : She has lived in Nairobi, Bangkok and Belfast, and currently lives in London.
Yolande Moreau : Yolande Moreau (born 27 February 1953) is a Belgian comedian, actress, film director and screenwriter.
Mandy Cho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mandy Cho : Mandy Lee Cho (born 2 September 1982 in Sacramento County, California) is a Hong Kong beauty contestant and television personality.
Ning Jing : She is best known for playing Milan in "In the Heat of the Sun" (1994), Danzhu in "Red River Valley" (1997), Angel in "Lover's Grief over the Yellow River" (1999) and Empress Dowager Xiaozhuang in the television series "Xiaozhuang Epic" (2003).
Rimi Sen : Rimi Sen (born 21 September 1981) is a former Indian film actress and producer who has appeared in Hindi, Telugu, and Bengali films.
Tomoko Kawase : Kawase's original intention with "Tommy february6" was to create a character who was far from innocent, though cute in both sound and appearance; Tommy february6 was designed to be someone who was true to her feelings despite the cutesy nature of her outward character and did as she wanted (and as such, Tommy february6 is seen repeatedly in music videos drinking alcohol from flasks, bars, etc.)
Laurie Brett : Laurie Brett (born 28 March 1969) is a Scottish actress, best known for her roles as Jane Beale in "EastEnders" and Christine Mulgrew in "Waterloo Road".
Akiko Suwanai : She has studied with Toshiya Eto at the Toho Gakuen School of Music, with Dorothy DeLay and Cho-Liang Lin at the Juilliard School of Music while at Columbia University, and with Uwe-Martin Haiberg at the Universität der Künste Berlin.
Marleen Veldhuis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Marleen Veldhuis : She was brought up in the eastern part of the Netherlands.
Blanka Vlašić : Blanka Vlašić was born on 8 November 1983 in Split, Croatia (which was then part of Yugoslavia).
Carmen Maura : Maura has worked under the orders of major directors like Almodovar, Ford Coppola, Amos Gitai, Yasmina Reza, Alejandro Agresti, Carlos Saura, Étienne Chatiliez and Álex de la Iglesia.
Kim Chambers : Kimberly Chambers (born January 11, 1974) is an American retired pornographic actress.
Koge-Donbo : In 2008, Koge Donbo* finished working on the sequel (ending with chapter 26) of the Kamichama Karin series, named Kamichama Karin Chu.
Niki Chow : (which stands for Freedom, Love, and Youth).
Niki Chow : In 2006, she released "Child-Woman" and a single "Nikikaka".
Rosine Vieyra Soglo : Rosine Vieyra Soglo (born March 7, 1936) is a Beninese politician.
Ariane Mnouchkine : Ariane Mnouchkine (] ; born 3 March 1939) is a French stage director.
Judy Greer : She is a stepmother to Johnsen's two children from his previous marriage.
Judy Greer : Her mother was once a nun, who had left the convent after eight years, being "kicked out" for wild behavior, including owning a red bathing suit.
Judy Greer : Her mother, Mollie Ann ("née" Greer), is a hospital administrator, and her father, Rich Evans, is a mechanical engineer.
Judy Greer : Greer was born Judith Therese Evans on July 20, 1975 in Detroit, Michigan.
Judy Greer : Judith Therese Evans (born July 20, 1975), known professionally as Judy Greer, is an American actress, comedian and director.
Judy Greer : Greer also expanded into other genres, with roles in such films as "Adaptation" (2002), "The Village" (2004), "The Descendants" (2011), "Carrie" (2013), "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014), "Jurassic World" (2015), "Ant-Man" (2015), "War for the Planet of the Apes" (2017), "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018), and "Halloween" (2018).
Tomomi Kahara : After Komuro, Kahara worked with a variety of producers at Warner Music Japan, including American Andy Marvel (Diana King, Jessica Simpson) and recorded songs by Gary Carolla (N Sync) and Vincent Degiorgio (N Sync, Atomic Kitten, Love, Inc., Mink, Nakano Mori Band) which appeared on her albums "One Fine Day" and "Love Again", released in 1999 and 2001, respectively.
Feng Kun : However, the team began to rejuvenate and won the Asian Championship in 2001, came fourth in the World Championship in 2002, won the World Cup in 2003, and then went on to win at the Olympic Games in Athens, having defeated reigning champions Cuba and come from two sets down in the final to beat Russia.
Annette Schavan : In 2012, a blogger with the pseudonym Robert Schmidt who is a member of the research-network VroniPlag Wiki alleged he had found plagiarism in Schavan's PhD thesis, entitled "Character and conscience – Studies on the conditions, necessities, and demands on the development of conscience in the present day."
Miranda Kerr : She graduated from All Hallows' School in 2000.
Miranda Kerr : Her family moved to Brisbane, Queensland, to allow Kerr and her brother to experience city life.
Miranda Kerr : Ten months after Hart's birth, Kerr announced her third pregnancy.
Miranda Kerr : Kerr has launched her own brand of organic skincare products, KORA Organics, and has written a self-help book.
Miranda Kerr : Miranda May Kerr ( ; born 20 April 1983) is an Australian model and businesswoman.
Miranda Kerr : 2 in "Forbes" 2013 list of the world's highest-paid models, with estimated earnings of USD$7.2 million, which is USD$3.2 million more and a jump of five places in the list from the previous year.
Miranda Kerr : In October 2013, Kerr and Bloom announced that they had separated several months earlier, and intend to end their marriage.
Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen : Anne-Grete Hjelle Strøm-Erichsen (born 21 October 1949 in Bergen) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Ulla Schmidt : In 2009, Schmidt criticized statements made by Pope Benedict XVI, who claimed that condom usage promoted AIDS.
Ulla Schmidt : Ursula "Ulla" Schmidt (born 13 June 1949) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
Ulla Schmidt : In November 2005, Schmidt again became Federal Minister for Health in the grand coalition of Angela Merkel.
Mercedes Scelba-Shorte : Scelba-Shorte was studying at California State University, Northridge before auditioning for "America's Next Top Model".
Isabel Coixet : She openly declared his opposition to the October 2017 independence referendum held in Catalonia, signing another manifesto calling on not to take part in the vote.
Isabel Coixet : Isabel Coixet Castillo (] ; born 9 April 1960) is a Spanish film director.
Sarah Palin : A Life Member of the National Rifle Association (NRA), Palin interprets the Second Amendment as including the right to handgun possession and opposes bans on semi-automatic assault weapons.
Sarah Palin : Palin was elected to the Wasilla city council in 1992 and became mayor of Wasilla in 1996.
Sarah Palin : In 2006, Palin obtained a passport and in 2007 traveled for the first time outside North America, on a trip to Kuwait.
Sarah Palin : On September 1, 2008, Palin announced that her daughter Bristol was pregnant and that she would marry the father, Levi Johnston.
Sarah Palin : Palin supports NATO membership for Ukraine and Georgia, and affirms that if Russia invaded a NATO member, the United States should meet its treaty obligations.
Sarah Palin : Sarah Louise Palin ( ; née Heath; born February 11, 1964) is an American politician, commentator, author, and reality television personality, who served as the ninth governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009.
Sarah Palin : In 1984, Palin won the Miss Wasilla beauty pageant; she finished third (as second runner-up) in the Miss Alaska pageant, where she won the title of "Miss Congeniality".
Malvina Major : Dame Malvina Lorraine Major {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 28 January 1943) is a New Zealand opera soprano.
Laura Fygi : Fygi's father was a Dutch businessman, a director of Philips, and her mother an Egyptian belly dancer.
Yaya DaCosta : She has appeared in advertisements for Garnier Fructis, Lincoln Townhouse, Oil of Olay, Radioshack, Seda, Sephora and Dr. Scholl's.
Yaya DaCosta : Camara DaCosta Johnson (born November 15, 1982), better known as Yaya DaCosta, is an American actress and model.
Yaya DaCosta : In addition to English, she can speak Portuguese, French, and Spanish She attended the elite Northfield Mount Hermon School during her high school years before attending college where she majored in Africana Studies and International Relations at Brown University.
Saki Shimizu : In March 2021, she announced that she had married, and that she would retire in November.
Samantha Cameron : She did an Art Foundation course at Camberwell College of Arts and went on to study Fine Art at the School of Creative Arts, part of the University of the West of England.
Samantha Cameron : Samantha Cameron is the elder daughter of Sir Reginald Sheffield, 8th Baronet and Annabel Lucy Veronica Jones.
Kim Tae-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Tae-hee : On 19 September 2019, she gave birth to the couple's second daughter.
Nanako Matsushima : They have two daughters together, born on May 31, 2004 and November 30, 2007.
Nanako Matsushima : On February 21, 2001, she married Japanese actor Takashi Sorimachi.
Anne-Marie Slaughter : She is married to Princeton politics professor Andrew Moravcsik, with whom she has two children: Alex and Michael Moravcsik
Anne-Marie Slaughter : Slaughter was the first woman to serve as the Director of Policy Planning for the U.S. State Department from January 2009 until February 2011 under U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Malese Jow : Born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Jow moved to California with her mother Lanae Tillery Jow, one sister, Makenna Jow, two brothers Jensen and Braden Jow and their cousin Chris Nightingale when she was nine years old.
Robin Duke : Duke is also the voice of Penny in the children's animated television series "George and Martha".
Robin Duke : Duke went on to appear in such films as "Club Paradise" (1986), "Groundhog Day" (1993), "Stuart Saves His Family" (1995) and "Portrait of a Serial Monogamist" (2015), along with many television guest appearances.
Robin Duke : In 2004, Duke along with Kathryn Greenwood, Debra McGrath, Jayne Eastwood and Teresa Pavlinek created Women Fully Clothed, a sketch comedy troupe.
Robin Duke : In 2016, Duke had a recurring role on "Schitt's Creek" playing dress shop owner Wendy Kurtz in five episodes of season 2.
Margaret Turnbull : She received her PhD in Astronomy from the University of Arizona in 2004.
Margaret Turnbull : The first formed the basis of SETI radio searches with the Allen Telescope Array (Beta Canum Venaticorum, HD 10307, HD 211415, 18 Scorpii, and 51 Pegasi).
Margaret Turnbull : Margaret Carol "Maggie" Turnbull (born 1975) is an American astronomer and astrobiologist.
Heidi Chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Heidi Chu : Heidi CHU Hoi Ting (Traditional Chinese: 朱凱婷, born 17 August 1977) is the 2nd runner-up and winner of Miss International Goodwill of the 2001 Miss Hong Kong contest.
Cobie Smulders : She took an interest in theatre throughout high school and briefly studied at the University of Victoria before returning to acting."
Cobie Smulders : Smulders was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, to a Dutch father and a British mother.
Cobie Smulders : They married on September 8, 2012, in Solvang, California.
Cobie Smulders : In 2013, Smulders had a supporting role in the romance film "Safe Haven".
Cobie Smulders : Smulders worked in modelling, which she later said she "kind of hated", adding that the experience made her hesitant about pursuing acting as a career: "You know you go into these rooms, and I've had the experience of people judging you physically for so long and I was over that.
Cobie Smulders : agent Maria Hill in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero films "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2014), "" (2015), "" (2018), "" (2019), and "" (2019), as well as several guest appearances on ABC's "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."
Ursula von der Leyen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ursula von der Leyen : Following her nomination as a candidate for Commission President, the Commission provided her with a salary, office, and staff in Brussels to facilitate negotiations between the EU institutions as to her election.
Ursula von der Leyen : Von der Leyen chaired the EPP Defence Ministers Meeting, which gathers EPP defence ministers ahead of meetings of the Council of the European Union.
Ursula von der Leyen : On 16 July, she won with 383 to 327 votes.
Ursula von der Leyen : Ursula von der Leyen joined the CDU in 1990, and became active in local politics in Lower Saxony in 1996, shortly after she had returned to Germany after living in California.
Ursula von der Leyen : From 2003 to 2005 she was a minister in the state government of Lower Saxony, serving in the cabinet of Christian Wulff, with responsibility for social affairs, women, family, and health.
Ursula von der Leyen : At the press conference announcing her nomination, European Council President Donald Tusk noted von der Leyen's intention to retain Commission First-Vice President Frans Timmermans during her administration.
Ursula von der Leyen : Former British Secretary of State for Defence Michael Fallon noted in 2019 that she had been "a star presence" in the NATO community and "the doyenne of NATO ministers for over five years".
Ursula von der Leyen : In 1980, she switched to studying medicine and enrolled at the Hannover Medical School, where she graduated in 1987 and acquired her medical license.
Ursula von der Leyen : In 2013, she concluded an agreement with the Government of the Philippines that was aimed at helping Filipino health care professionals to gain employment in Germany.
Ursula von der Leyen : Following the birth of twins, she was a housewife in Stanford, California, from 1992 to 1996, while her husband was a faculty member of Stanford University.
Ursula von der Leyen : From 1998 to 2002, she taught at the Department of Epidemiology, Social Medicine and Health System Research at the Hannover Medical School.
Ursula von der Leyen : On the 60th anniversary of the founding of Israel, von der Leyen participated in the first joint cabinet meeting of the governments of Germany and Israel in Jerusalem in March 2008.
Ursula von der Leyen : In speaking out for increasing the number of childcare nurseries, for the introduction of a women's quota for listed companies' main boards, for gay marriage and a nationwide minimum wage, von der Leyen made enemies among the more traditionalist party members and won admirers on the left.
Ursula von der Leyen : The so-called Herzog Commission, named after its chairman, the former German President Roman Herzog, recommended a comprehensive package of reform proposals including, among other things, decoupling health and nursing care premiums from people's earnings and levying a monthly lump sum across the board instead.
Ursula von der Leyen : In the negotiations to form a government following the 2013 federal elections, von der Leyen led the CDU/CSU delegation in the labour policy working group, with Andrea Nahles of the SPD as her co-chair.
Ella Koon : Ella Koon Yun-na (born 9 July 1979) is a former Hong Kong Cantopop singer and semi-retired actress.
Mariacarla Boscono : Mariacarla Boscono (] ; born 20 September 1980) is an Italian model and actress.
Christina Stürmer : Christina Stürmer (born 9 June 1982) is an Austrian singer and songwriter.
Fred Vargas : Fred Vargas is the pseudonym of Frédérique Audoin-Rouzeau (born 7 June 1957 in Paris), a French historian, archaeologist and novelist.
Aminatou Haidar : The European Parliament also called for her immediate release along with that of Ali Salem Tamek and 37 other "political prisoners" in a 27 October 2005 resolution.
Aminatou Haidar : Amnesty International (AI) stated that she appeared to have been held for her peaceful advocacy for Western Sahara self-determination.
Aminatou Haidar : She stated that "the joy is incomplete without the release of all Saharawi political prisoners, and without the liberation of all the territories of the homeland still under the occupation of the oppressor".
Aminatou Haidar : On 29 October 2011, Haidar's son was threatened with sexual violation and a beating that would cause him permanent disability by a couple of Moroccan policemen in El Aaiun, according to CODESA.
Aminatou Haidar : While her parents lived in Laayoune, a small city in Western Sahara with significant Sahrawi population (and former Spanish Cape Juby) where she passed her childhood, Aminatou was born in 1966 in Laayoune, Western Sahara, her grandmother's town, due to a bedouin tradition.
Ai Kawashima : is the theme song of "Shining Force Neo"; "Compass" is the theme song of the eighth "One Piece" movie "Episode of Alabasta: The Desert Princess and the Pirates", and "Kimi no Koe" is the ending theme song of "The Place Promised in Our Early Days".
Jeong Nam : Jeong Nam (Hangul: 정남; born January 30, 1968) is a Korean voice actor who joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's Voice Acting Division in 1996.
Julia Fischer : Julia Fischer (born 15 June 1983) is a German classical violinist and pianist.
Julia Fischer : Fischer has worked with many internationally acclaimed conductors, such as Simon Rattle, Lorin Maazel, Christoph Eschenbach, Yakov Kreizberg, Yuri Temirkanov, Sir Neville Marriner, David Zinman, Zdeněk Mácal, Jun Märkl, , Marek Janowski, Herbert Blomstedt, and Michael Tilson Thomas.
Julia Fischer : In 2006, Fischer was appointed as a professor at the Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts.
Karin Dreijer : In September 2009, Dreijer composed the soundtrack to "Dirty Diaries", a collection of feminist pornographic short films.
Karin Dreijer : Dreijer was featured on the tracks "This Must Be It" and "Tricky Tricky" again by Röyksopp, appearing on their 2009 album "Junior".
Tan Xue : Tan Xue (; born January 30, 1984 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese fencer who won silver medals in the Sabre Individual at the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the Team Sabre at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Sharon Creech : Sharon Creech (born July 29, 1945) is an American writer of children's novels.
Sharon Creech : At college in the U.S. she became intrigued by story-telling after taking literature and writing courses, and she later became a teacher of secondary school English and Writing in England and Switzerland.
Sharon Creech : Her first children's novel "Absolutely Normal Chaos" was published only in the U.K., by Macmillan Children's Books in 1990.
Sharon Creech : "Bloomability" won the IRA/CBC Children's Choices award in 1999.
Sharon Creech : She is married to Lyle Rigg, a headmaster in New Jersey, and has two grown children, Rob and Karin.
Sharon Creech : She often embeds serious topics into her stories, including such themes as independence, trust, childhood, adulthood, and death, often using humour to soften them.
Sharon Creech : "The Wanderer" won the Parents' Choice Award, USA, in 2000, and it was a runner-up for the Newbery Medal.
Sharon Creech : Books such as "Love That Dog" and "Heartbeat" were written in verse, whereas other books like "Ruby Holler" and "Walk Two Moons" are in a narrative style.
Anna Gavalda : Divorced, and the mother of two, Gavalda lives in the city of Melun, Seine-et-Marne, about 50 km southeast of Paris.
Anna Gavalda : The adaptation of her first novel, "Je l'aimais", with Daniel Auteuil and Marie-Josée Croze, was filmed in 2009 by Zabou Breitman.
Anna Gavalda : Inspired by the failure of her own marriage, it too was a major literary success and a bestseller and was followed by the short (96 pages) young adult novel "35 kilos d'espoir" ("95 Pounds of Hope") that she said she wrote "to pay tribute to those of my students who were dunces in school but otherwise fantastic people".
Anna Gavalda : She was working as a French teacher in high school when a collection of her short stories was first published in 1999 under the title "Je voudrais que quelqu'un m'attende quelque part" that met with both critical acclaim and commercial success, selling more than three-quarters of a million copies in her native France and winning the 2000 Grand prix RTL-Lire.
Betty Ting : In 1976, Ting married Charles Heung and they had a daughter Candy Heung in 1977, Ting and Heung divorced in 1980.
Betty Ting : Ting's uncle was Zhang Xueliang and her maternal grandfather was Bao Yulin, the chief police officer of the Beiping Police Bureau during the Warlord era.
Betty Ting : Ting Pei (; born 19 February 1947), also known as Betty Ting or Betty Ting Pei, is a former Taiwanese actress who was mainly active in the 1970s.
Bhanupriya : In a career spanning of 37 years, Bhanupriya has acted in 155 feature films of mostly in Telugu 85, Tamil 45, Hindi 10, Malayalam 9, Kannada 6 in a variety of roles and has garnered three state Nandi Awards, three Tamil Nadu State Film Awards, two Cinema Express Awards, two Filmfare Awards South and the JFW Divas of South India Award - for her contribution to South Indian cinema, the Gemini TV Puraskaram for lifetime achievement in television and various other honors.
Leonor, Princess of Asturias : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Leonor, Princess of Asturias : In May 2014, Leonor made her first official visit to the San Javier Air Force base in Murcia.
Leonor, Princess of Asturias : On 10 February 2021, it was announced that she would attend the United World College of the Atlantic in Wales, beginning in the fall of that year.
Mary Pipher : Mary Elizabeth Pipher (born October 21, 1947), also known as Mary Bray Pipher, is an American clinical psychologist and author, most recently of "Women Rowing North", a book on aging gracefully.
Mary Pipher : She has also written an essay to the "New York Time"s about the difficulty of Nebraska's mixed political views and need for more progressive politicians.
Tory Lane : Tory Lane is an American fetish model, exotic dancer, pornographic actress, and pornographic film director.
Tory Lane : In 2006, Lane was a finalist on the second season of Playboy TV reality show "Jenna's American Sex Star", but she lost the prize in the final round.
Tory Lane : After signing with LA Direct Models, Lane's first scene in a pornographic film was with Ben English and Marco in 2004.
Tory Lane : She worked as a bartender at a club called The Elbo Room on Fort Lauderdale Beach.
Yuna Ito : Ito's thirteenth single "Trust You", became the fourth ending theme song for the anime "Mobile Suit Gundam 00 Second Season".
Nana Mizuki : On January 21, 2011, she released her first autobiography, titled "Shin Ai", to commemorate the 10th anniversary of her singing career.
Rachel Veltri : To coincide with the release of "", she posed nude for "Playboy" magazine in the December 2005 issue.
Lee Seung-yeon : She was sentenced to one year's probation and 80 hours of community service.
Lee Seung-yeon : Lee Seung-yeon (born August 18, 1968) is a South Korean actress and talk show host.
Elisabeth Moss : She met Fred Armisen in October 2008, and they became engaged in January 2009, marrying on October 25, 2009, in Long Island City, New York.
Misaki Ito : Ito gave birth to a daughter on June 27, 2010.
Misaki Ito : She gave birth to a son on June 23, 2015 (four days short of her daughter's fifth birthday).
Misaki Ito : She and (born ), the director of pachinko company Kyoraku Sangyo, registered their marriage on November 18, 2009 and held their wedding ceremony in Hawaii on November 24, 2009.
Misaki Ito : In 1999, Ito became the Asahi Beer "image girl" and a model under an exclusive contract to "CanCam" magazine.
Misaki Ito : She also appears in ads for Shiseido's MAQuillAGE line of cosmetics (along with Chiaki Kuriyama, Ryoko Shinohara and Yuri Ebihara) and Seiko watches, in addition to being the current Vodafone model in Japan, following on from Yu Yamada.
Julia Jentsch : Jentsch was born to a family of lawyers in West Berlin and began her actor training in Berlin at the Hochschule Ernst Busch, a drama school.
Julia Jentsch : Jentsch garnered further attention playing Sophie Scholl in the 2005 film "Sophie Scholl – The Final Days", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Angelica Lee : Angelica Lee Sinje (; born 23 January 1976) is a Malaysian Chinese film actress and pop singer.
Angelica Lee : Lee starred in "The Eye", the hit Asian horror film by the Pang Brothers, winning her the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress, Best Actress at the Hong Kong Film Festival and a Hong Kong Golden Bauhinia Award.
Karena Lam : In 2015, she won the Best Actress award at the Golden Horse Awards for her role in "Zinnia Flower", making her the first person ever to have won all of the following three Golden Horse awards: Best Lead Actress, Best Supporting Actress and Best New Performer.
Sandrine Testud : She has gone beyond the fourth round of a Grand Slam tournament on two occasions: She reached the quarter-finals at the 1997 US Open and the 1998 Australian Open.
Magüi Serna : Serna produced an upset by defeating Justine Henin in the 2001 Scottsdale tournament, 7–6, 7–6.
Peggy Hsu : Peggy Hsu (, born 2 February 1981) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter, music composer, and music producer.
Delphine Arnault : In 2008, she was named deputy chief of the designer Christian Dior Couture, which she quit in 2013 to join Louis Vuitton as director and executive vice president.
Delphine Arnault : The objective of the LVMH group is discover the talents and creativity of new designers: "It is necessary to recognize the talent and creativity, as well as the ways in which we can best help the growth of their business", she confirmed.
Delphine Arnault : Delphine Arnault earned degrees from the London School of Economics and EDHEC Business School (Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales du Nord).
Delphine Arnault : She is also a member of the board of directors for the labels Céline, Loewe and Pucci, Moët Hennessy, and M6, as well as a managing partner of a wealth management company; more recently, she became a member of the board of directors of 20th Century Fox and Havas.
Delphine Arnault : Delphine Arnault (born 4 April 1975) is a French businesswoman, director and executive vice president of Louis Vuitton (LVMH Group).
Delphine Arnault : She is the oldest child of Bernard Arnault from his first wife, Anne Dewavrin.
Helen Zia : She traveled to Beijing in 1995 to the United Nations Fourth World Congress on Women as part of journalists of color delegation.
Helen Zia : Zia was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1952 to first generation immigrants from Shanghai.
Helen Zia : In June 2008, Zia married her partner Lia Shigemura in San Francisco, making them one of the first same-sex couples to legally marry in the state of California.
Bette Bao Lord : Bette Bao Lord (Chinese: 包柏漪, Pinyin: Bāo Bóyì; born November 3, 1938) is a Chinese-born American writer and civic activist for human rights and democracy.
Bette Bao Lord : President Clinton in 1998 presented her the first Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights and hailed her as "someone who writes so powerfully about the past and is working so effectively to shape the future".
Tess Gerritsen : Tess Gerritsen (born June 12, 1953) is the pseudonym of Terry Gerritsen, an American novelist and retired physician.
Tess Gerritsen : In 2006, "Vanish" received the Nero Award for best mystery novel, and was nominated for both an Edgar Award by the Mystery Writers of America and a Macavity Award.
Tess Gerritsen : She received her medical degree in 1979 and started work as a physician in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Leda Cosmides : Leda Cosmides (born May 1957) is an American psychologist, who, together with anthropologist husband John Tooby, helped develop the field of evolutionary psychology.
Mi-Jung Lee : Mi-Jung Lee (born September 12, 1966) (Korean:  ; RR: " " ; born in Chuncheon, Gangwon-do, South Korea) is a Korean Canadian television personality, based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Mi-Jung Lee : She began her on-air career in 1990 as a reporter and part-time anchor at CHEK-TV in Victoria, then moved to CHAN-TV (BCTV, then CTV's Vancouver affiliate) in 1992 and served in similar capacities, eventually anchoring that station's "News Hour Final" weeknights until 1998.
Yoon Jin-hee : At the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked fourth in the 58 kg category, and in the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she won the bronze medal in the 53 kg category with 211 kg in total.
Kim Sharma : Kim Michelle Sharma is an Indian actress and model.
Gal Gadot : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gal Gadot : In Hebrew, her first name means "wave" and her surname means "riverbanks".
Miyuki Nakajima : In November 2009, Nakajima was awarded a Medal of Honor with purple ribbon by the Government of Japan.
Miyuki Nakajima : Her grandfather, Buichi, was a Hokkaido politician, and her father, Shinichi, ran a clinic in obstetrics and gynecology.
Suzanne Anton : Anton and her husband Olin have three adult children named Elizabeth, Robert and Angus.
Suzanne Anton : She was defeated in the 2017 provincial election by George Chow.
Suzanne Anton : Born in Duncan, British Columbia, Anton graduated from Queen Margaret's School in 1970 and went on to receive her Bachelor of Science in mathematics from the University of Victoria.
Jenny Tseng : In 1977 Tseng married Hong Kong martial arts film star Alexander Fu Sheng.
Jenny Tseng : In 1984, Tseng joined CBS / Sony and launched a new album, "再度孤獨／迷人的五月".
Jenny Tseng : The tour will through Taipei, Canada, USA, Australia, New Zealand, Guangzhou, Singapore and Genting tour.
Jenny Tseng : In 1985 Tseng released 明天會更好 a bestselling charity single.
Jenny Tseng : On 10 March 2000 until 12 March after a 12-year break, Tseng re-entered the Hong Kong coliseum headlining a whole concert named "一份真 演唱會".
Jenny Tseng : In 1978 Tseng released her debut Hong Kong album "奮鬥" which broke records sales by selling 25,000 copies within the first two months, and was ranked top selling album for 12 weeks.
Anna Belknap : Belknap appeared in the movie "Alchemy" and made her feature film debut in the independent film "The Reality Trap".
Anna Belknap : In 2004, Belknap married Eric Siegel, a colleague from the Rude Mechanicals Theater Company in New York.
Anna Belknap : Belknap's television credits include series regular roles in "Medical Investigation" and "The Handler", a recurring role in "Deadline", and guest-starring roles in "Law & Order", "", and "Without a Trace".
Anna Belknap : Her stage credits include the Off-Broadway production of "Metamorphoses" at New York's Second Stage Theatre, as well as roles at the Mark Taper Forum, the Old Globe Theatre, the Westport Country Playhouse, and the Williamstown Theatre Festival.
Anna Belknap : Anna C. Belknap (born May 22, 1972) is an American actress.
Tzipi Livni : Besides her native language, Hebrew, Livni also speaks fluent English and French, having lived in Paris for a number of years.
Tzipi Livni : Tziporah Malka "Tzipi" Livni ( , ] ; born 8 July 1958) is an Israeli politician, diplomat, and lawyer.
Tanya Byron : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" /> 'The Skeleton Cupboard' Tanya Byron Published June 1st 2014 Macmillan
Tanya Byron : Her father was the film and television director John Sichel, later the founder of ARTTS International in Yorkshire.
Tanya Byron : Tanya Byron (born 6 April 1967) is a British psychologist, writer, and media personality, best known for her work as a child therapist on television shows "Little Angels" and "The House of Tiny Tearaways".
Iveta Benešová : Iveta Benešová (] ) (formerly Melzer, ; born 1 February 1983) is a Czech former tennis player.
Iveta Benešová : Entering as a qualifier in the 2008 French Open, she reached the third round, beating 15th seed and compatriate Nicole Vaidišová in the first round, but lost to Petra Cetkovská.
Iveta Benešová : In singles, she defeated Romanian Simona Halep in the final of Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem to win her first WTA Tour trophy since 2004.
Sung Yu-ri : Sung Yu-ri (born March 3, 1981) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Sung Yu-ri : On April 20, 2015, Sung signed an exclusive contract with SL Entertainment.
Françoise Gilot : From 1943 to 1953, Gilot was the lover and artistic muse of Pablo Picasso, with whom she had two children, Claude and Paloma.
Françoise Gilot : When Gilot left Picasso, he told all art dealers he knew not to purchase her art, whereas Gilot herself has noted that continuing to identify her in relation to Picasso "does her a great disservice as an artist."
Françoise Gilot : In 1976, she joined the board of the Department of Fine Arts at the University of Southern California, where she taught summer courses and took on organizational responsibilities until 1983.
Sophie Howard : As of 2013, she retired from modelling.
Sophie Howard : In August 2005, Howard was voted 73rd in the "FHM UK" "100 Sexiest Women" poll.
Yuliya Pakhalina : She moved to Houston, Texas before the 2000 Summer Olympics to train with her partner Vera Ilyina, under the direction of Head Coach Jane Figuiredo (University of Houston) and competed for the University of Houston's swimming and diving team.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz's first acting role was as Violet in two episodes of the CBS series "The Guardian," and her first film role was as Molly in "Heart of the Beholder."
Park Shin-hye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Shin-hye : Park received a service award at the convocation ceremony for her achievement as an artist ambassador for the university.
Park Shin-hye : Park Shin-hye (, born February 18, 1990) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Park Shin-hye : She studied there for eight years, then graduated with a degree in Theater in February 2016.
Mary Lou Jepsen : From 2003 until the end of 2004, she was the chief technology officer of Intel’s Display Division.
Olga Tokarczuk : In 2019, she was awarded the 2018 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Olga Tokarczuk : Olga Nawoja Tokarczuk ( ; born 29 January 1962) is a Polish writer, activist, and public intellectual who has been described in Poland as one of the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful authors of her generation.
Olga Tokarczuk : In 2019, her 2009 novel "Drive Your Plow Over the Bones of the Dead", translated into English by Antonia Lloyd-Jones and published in 2018, was shortlisted for the Man Booker International Prize.
Olga Tokarczuk : She trained as a psychologist at the University of Warsaw and published a collection of poems, several novels, as well as other books with shorter prose works.
Sjoukje Dijkstra : She is the daughter of Lou Dijkstra, a speed skater who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Joanne Fox : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Marina Anissina : Marina Vyacheslavovna Anissina ( ; born 30 August 1975) is a French-Russian ice dancer.
Miuccia Prada : In 1978 she entered into her family’s business of manufacturing luxury leather bags, a company established by her grandfather in 1913.
Miuccia Prada : Miuccia Bianchi Prada (] ; born Maria Bianchi ] on 10 May 1949) is an Italian billionaire fashion designer and businesswoman.
Miuccia Prada : Her biological parents were Luigi Bianchi and his wife, Luisa Prada.
Miuccia Prada : In 1993 she was awarded the Council of Fashion Designers of America International Award.
Miuccia Prada : In 2006, she was appointed "Officier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres" by the French Ministry of Culture.
Miuccia Prada : In 2012, she, along with designer Elsa Schiaparelli, was the subject of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's exhibition, "Impossible Conversations".
Skylar Grey : Grey has listed Bon Iver, Fleetwood Mac, James Taylor, Shirley Manson of Garbage, Joni Mitchell, Radiohead, Marilyn Manson, Bob Dylan, Fiona Apple, Neil Young, Sarah McLachlan, Eminem, Death Cab for Cutie and Alana Davis as her influences.
Skylar Grey : She explained to Beatweek that she chose "grey" with an "e" rather than an "a" because "I like to do things the original way" and because "it's more masculine.
Skylar Grey : On May 18, 2015, house producer deadmau5 released a short demo on SoundCloud in collaboration with Kaskade, featuring vocals by Grey, titled "Beneath with Me".
Skylar Grey : Grey also contributed an exclusive song, titled "Slowly Freaking Out", to the soundtrack album for the film 2013 film "The Host", based on the novel by Stephenie Meyer, In April 2013, Grey contributed to will.i.am's fourth solo album "#willpower", on the song "Love Bullets".
Chiung Yao : On 25 December, the court ruled in Chiung Yao's favor, ordering four companies to stop distributing and broadcasting "The Palace: The Lost Daughter", also demanding Yu Zheng to publicly apologize and pay Chiung Yao RMB 5 million (around $800,000) in compensation.
Rosemarie Trockel : In 1994 she created the "Frankfurter Engel" monument for the city of Frankfurt.
Rosemarie Trockel : Rosemarie Trockel (born 13 November 1952) is a German conceptual artist.
Esther McVey : She was educated at the (at that time fee-paying, independent) Belvedere School, before reading law at Queen Mary University of London (LLB) and radio journalism at City, University of London (MA).
Esther McVey : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Carman Lee : Carman Lee Yeuk-tung (born 16 August 1966) is a Hong Kong actress who has appeared in films such as "The Wicked City" (1992), "Loving You" (1995), "The Odd One Lives" (1997), and the North American "Knock Off" (1998) with Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Lara Veronin : Over the next two years, three more of Lara's singles were released under Meiwa Media：
Lara Veronin : Her mother is Taiwanese and her father is Russian American.
Lara Veronin : Lara was born in California, United States in 1988, and she moved back to Taipei, Taiwan with her older sister, Esther Veronin, and her parents in 2001, where she graduated from Taipei American School in 2006.
Lara Veronin : Lara has taken on the bulk of her own songwriting as well as occasionally writing for other musicians on their works.
Lara Veronin : Apart from releasing music in albums, Lara also has physical and digital singles, both released and unreleased.
Lara Veronin : Apart from being a singer and songwriter, Lara has also participated in many cinematic projects ranging from music videos to TV series and musicals before even starting her multimedia company.
Lara Veronin : Having participated in music performances and music groups from a young age, Veronin was discovered in 2005 by Taiwanese pop star Jay Chou and became the female frontman in Chou's second iteration of his band project: "Nan Quan Mama".
Sayaka Ichii : While in Morning Musume, Sayaka Ichii was put into the spin-off group, Petitmoni with Maki Goto and Kei Yasuda .
Jelena Jensen : Jelena Jensen (born October 7, 1981) is an American entrepreneur, pornographic actress, nude model, webcam model, and radio personality.
Jelena Jensen : She has been in two Andrew Blake productions, and has a recurring role in Digital Playground's "Jack's Playground" series.
Jelena Jensen : She attended Chapman University in Orange County, California and graduated Magna Cum Laude in May 2003 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in film and television production with an Emphasis in Producing.
Mandy Tam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mandy Tam : Mandy Tam Heung-man (Traditional Chinese: 譚香文; born 8 June 1957) is a Hong Kong politician, tax advisor and newspaper columnist who is currently a member of the Wong Tai Sin District Council, representing Lung Sing.
Georgie Henley : Henley is a supporter of SOS Children's Villages, an international orphan charity providing homes and mothers for orphaned and abandoned children.
Georgie Henley : Georgina Helen Henley (born 9 July 1995) is an English actress, best known for her portrayal of Lucy Pevensie throughout "The Chronicles of Narnia" film series.
Yvonne Yung : Yvonne Yung (born 17 September 1968) is a Chinese actress and former beauty pageant winner based in Hong Kong.
Elizabeth May : Her mother was a prominent anti-nuclear activist and her father was Assistant Vice President of Aetna Life and Casualty.
Elizabeth May : Elizabeth Evans May {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born June 9, 1954) is a Canadian politician who served as leader of the Green Party of Canada from 2006 to 2019 and Member of Parliament for Saanich—Gulf Islands since 2011.
Elizabeth May : On May 2, 2011, May became the first member of the Green Party of Canada to be elected as a Member of Parliament, defeating Conservative cabinet minister Gary Lunn with 46% of the vote in the Saanich–Gulf Islands riding.
Erika Toda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Oksana Chusovitina : Oksana Aleksandrovna Chusovitina ( ; born 19 June 1975) is an Olympic gymnast who has competed for the Soviet Union, Uzbekistan, and Germany.
Princess Kako of Akishino : Princess Kako was born on 29 December 1994 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
Princess Kako of Akishino : In August 2014, she quit the Department of Education, the Faculty of Letters, Gakushuin University and passed the entrance examination to the International Christian University (ICU), her older sister's alma mater.
Munkhbayar Dorjsuren : Munkhbayar Dorjsuren (born Dorjsürengiin Mönkhbayar, ; born July 9, 1969) is a Mongolian-German sport shooter.
Nora Miao : Nora Miao () (born Chan Wing-man (); 8 February 1952) is a Hong Kong film actress.
Army Squad : They were once part of a group called Bue and Heavy C is featured in many of Army Squad's songs such as "Cabeca Vazia" and "Conselho de Amigo".
Eva Angelina : Angelina entered the porn industry by answering a newspaper advertisement; her first scene was for the "Shane's World" series with Mr. Pete in 2003, at the age of 18.
Eva Angelina : She said that sometimes directors sent her home to get her glasses if she arrived on set wearing contacts.
Christina Hendricks : A 2010 poll of female readers taken by "Esquire" magazine named her "the sexiest woman in the world," and voted as Best Looking Woman in America the same year.
Christina Hendricks : Christina Rene Hendricks (born May 3, 1975) is a British-American actress, producer, and former model.
Mao Hengfeng : She was released from Shanghai Women's Prison on 29 November 2008.
Mao Hengfeng : Recently, on 28 July 2011, Mao Hengfeng has been released again to her family in an unconscious state.
Mao Hengfeng : Due to her protests about human rights in the RTL camp, on 9 September 2010, she was tied up for four days in the same position, without food or water.
Mao Hengfeng : She was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison on 12 January 2007 and imprisoned at Shanghai Women's Prison.
Mao Hengfeng : Mao and her husband, Wu Xuewei, filed an appeal against Mao's sentence.
Mao Hengfeng : Amnesty International have issued an Urgent Action, calling for her immediate release, an investigation into the abuse, and provision of independent medical assistance and assessment.
Mao Hengfeng : On 25 December 2009, she was found guilty of "disturbing public order" due to her peaceful protest outside the Beijing municipal intermediate court, where she was campaigning in support of the human rights activist Liu Xiaobo.
Mao Hengfeng : While under detention, Mao broke two table lamps in the guesthouse and was for that reason formally arrested on 30 June 2006 for "intentional destruction of property."
Mao Hengfeng : On 13 September 2005, Mao and her husband, Wu Xuewei (吴雪伟), were both reportedly beaten by police when they gathered with over a hundred other petitioners at Putuo District Court in Shanghai.
Tsuki Amano : She was part of her junior high school chorus club as a soprano, and in high school she began to experiment with various musical instruments and joined the theatre group.
Allisyn Ashley Arm : As a supporter of PETA, Allisyn Ashley Arm has been a vegetarian since she was 11 years old as a part of a vegetarian family.
Allisyn Ashley Arm : Allisyn Ashley Snyder (née Arm; born April 25, 1996) is an American actress, writer, artist, and director best known for her main role as Zora Lancaster on "Sonny with a Chance" and its spin-off "So Random!"
China Chow : China Chow (born 15 April 1974) is an English-born American actress and model.
Mavis Fan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Angela Aki : In 1997, Aki went to a Sarah McLachlan concert at age 20 and felt that she wanted to go into the music world, deciding to become a singer-songwriter.
Angela Aki : Aki began to take piano lessons when she was three years old and lived in Tokushima through sixth grade and spent her junior high school days in Okayama.
Jessica Schwarz : Jessica Schwarz (born 5 May 1977) is a German film and TV actress.
Denise Mina : Mina's first Paddy Meehan novel, "The Field of Blood" (2005), was filmed for broadcast in 2011 by the BBC, starring Jayd Johnson, Peter Capaldi and David Morrissey.
Denise Mina : It was while researching a PhD thesis on the ascription of mental illness to female offenders, and teaching criminology and criminal law at Strathclyde University in the 1990s, that she decided to write her first novel "Garnethill", published in 1998 by Transworld.
Denise Mina : Because of his work, the family moved 21 times in 18 years: from Paris to The Hague, London, Scotland and Bergen; she has also professed an affection for Rutherglen, her mother's home town.
Patricia Liu : At the start of 2008, Patricia left ATV and is now residing in Los Angeles for personal reasons.
Patricia Liu : She was at the 49th ATV anniversary aired on 27 May 2006 and also appeared in the audience along with all ATV actors watching the ATV The 12th Annual Most Popular TV Commercial Awards aired 22 April 2006.
Helen Tam : Helen Tam Yuk Ying (, born 27 November 1963) is a host of children's programmes in Hong Kong.
Helen Tam : She played the role of a school principal in the "DSE Myth" series produced by the Hong Kong Examinations and Assessment Authority.
Tamsin Egerton : Tamsin Olivia Egerton (born Tamsin Olivia Egerton-Dick; 26 November 1988) is an English actress known for her roles as Chelsea Parker in the 2007 film "St Trinian's", Holly Goodfellow in the 2005 film "Keeping Mum", and Guinevere in the 2011 television series "Camelot".
Fiona Sit : She attended Island School and studied Creative Media in City University of Hong Kong until 2004.
Xiang Yun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xiang Yun : It was her role as "Ah Mei", love interest of Huang Wenyong's character "Ah Shui", in the 1984 blockbuster drama series "The Awakening" that propelled her to fame, evidenced by the fact that she and Huang were named among the "Top 5 Favourite On-Screen Partners" and "Top 5 Most Memorable Drama Characters" of the last 25 years at the Star Awards 2007 anniversary special.
Vanessa Hudgens : Following the success of the film, Hudgens released her debut studio album, "V", on September 26, 2006.
Margaret Geller : Geller received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics at the University of California, Berkeley (1970) and a Ph.D. in Physics from Princeton (1974).
Mao Asada : Asada moved from Japan to the United States in August 2006 to train with Rafael Arutyunyan in Lake Arrowhead, California.
Jordin Sparks : Before appearing on "American Idol", Sparks participated in and won such talent competitions as Coca-Cola's Rising Star, the Gospel Music Association Academy's Overall Spotlight Award, "America's Most Talented Kids", Colgate Country Showdown, and the "2006 Drug Free AZ Superstar Search".
Jordin Sparks : Sparks was born in Phoenix, Arizona, to Jodi (née Wiedmann) Jackson and former professional American football player Phillippi Sparks.
Deepika Padukone : Deepika Padukone (] or ] ; born 5 January 1986) is an Indian actress and producer who works in Hindi films.
Deepika Padukone : She was educated at Bangalore's Sophia High School and completed her pre-university education at Mount Carmel College.
Mari Elka Pangestu : The initial listing of the 14 sub-sectors included in the scope of the creative economy part of the Ministry was the following:
Mari Elka Pangestu : After her appointment to the new cabinet position of Tourism and Creative Economy she spent time explaining the approach of the government towards fostering creative sectors of the economy in a number of statements.
Mari Elka Pangestu : Other steps she announced with the aim of promoting tourism included an emphasis on sports tourism, with priority to be given to the promotion of golf in the short-term and increasing attention to other activities such as yachting over the longer-term.
Mari Elka Pangestu : Mari Elka Pangestu (; born 23 October 1956), is an Indonesian economist who has been Managing Director of Development Policy and Partnerships in the World Bank.
Mari Elka Pangestu : Born in Jakarta, Pangestu obtained her bachelor's and master's degrees from the Australian National University, and her Doctorate in economics from the University of California at Davis, United States, in 1986.
Ginnifer Goodwin : No tradition.
Ginnifer Goodwin : No ritual.
Ginnifer Goodwin : In 2013, Goodwin stated that after leaving Memphis, she "up and left Judaism for a very long time," and that "for 10 years, there was nothing.
Ginnifer Goodwin : In 2008, Max Mara honored Goodwin with a "Face of the Future" award, an award recognizing up-and-coming women in film.
Simone Young : Simone Margaret Young AM (born 2 March 1961) is an Australian conductor.
Simone Young : Young was born in Sydney, of Irish ancestry on her father's side and Croatian ancestry on her mother's side.
Simone Young : Young started her operatic conducting career at the Sydney Opera House in 1985.
Jill Tracy : Moonlight."
Jill Tracy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Qin Kanying : Qin is married to chess grandmaster Peng Xiaomin, who is also her trainer.
Sarah Drew : Her mother, Dr. Jeannie Drew, is now teaching biology at an independent private school for girls in Manhattan.
Sarah Drew : In 1997, while still in high school, Drew voiced Stacy Rowe on the animated series "Daria".
Sarah Drew : Charles Drew, is the senior pastor at Emmanuel Presbyterian Church in New York City.
Sarah Drew : Drew was born and raised in Stony Brook, New York, where she attended The Stony Brook School.
Sarah Drew : Drew married Peter Lanfer, a lecturer at UCLA, in June 2002.
Sarah Drew : Airy Community Church in Philadelphia and director of an a cappella group at Germantown Friends School.
Sarah Drew : She starred in the Hallmark Hall of Fame film "Front of the Class" (2008), and from 2008 to 2009, she had a recurring role as Kitty Romano in the AMC drama series "Mad Men".
Diana Pang : Diana Pang (, born 10 Nov 1972) is a retired Chinese dancer and actress in Hong Kong and Mainland China.
Mika Kikuchi : They filed for divorce on December 29, 2011.
Sara Forestier : Sara Forestier (born 4 October 1986) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter.
Christian Serratos : Serratos was born in Pasadena, California, and raised in Burbank, California.
Anna Makino : She left in 1992 (being replaced by Rino Nakasone), to become the chief dance instructor at Okinawa Actor's, where she worked until 2002, when she left to start her own dance school 'Love Junx', which is a dance school for children with Down Syndrome.
Finn Carter : Elizabeth Fearn "Finn" Carter (born 9 March 1960) is an American actress.
Anna Wilson-Jones : In 2009 she joined the cast of "Hotel Babylon" as Juliet Miller, hotel general manager.
Suzuka Ohgo : She worked at CATARMAN until 2013.
Maggie Q : In 2008, Q played fictional Cao Ying, a granddaughter of the warlord Cao Cao in "", her first ancient Chinese costume performance.
Maggie Q : In 2005, Q played Harmony in the German-Singaporean TV mini-series "House of Harmony", opposite Fann Wong.
Maggie Q : "I feel better, I have more energy, on, and off the set, and I have the satisfaction of knowing that I'm doing something to help stop animal suffering."
Hiromi Nagasaku : She won the Best Supporting Actress award for "Rebirth" at the 35th Japan Academy Prize in 2012.
Sandra Morgan : In 2000, Morgan was awarded the Australian Government's Australian Sports Medal for her contributions to the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney and her achievements as a competitor.
Sandra Morgan : Under Guthrie's coaching, Morgan quickly became one of the fastest junior swimmers in the state, winning the under-14 110-yard and 55-yard freestyle, as well as the 110-yard butterfly at the New South Wales Championships in 1956.
Nadine Velazquez : Velazquez married talent agent Marc Provissiero in 2005.
Lily Donaldson : In the May 2007 issue of American "Vogue", she was featured on the cover with fellow models Doutzen Kroes, Caroline Trentini, Raquel Zimmermann, Sasha Pivovarova, Agyness Deyn, Coco Rocha, Hilary Rhoda, Chanel Iman, and Jessica Stam as the "World's Next Top Models".
Lily Donaldson : Lily Monica Donaldson (born 27 January 1987) is an English model.
Faith Yang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sofia Arvidsson : Lena Sofia Alexandra Arvidsson (born 16 February 1984) is a retired Swedish tennis player and currently a professional padel player.In her career, she won two singles titles and one doubles title on the WTA Tour, as well as 20 singles and 13 doubles titles on the ITF Circuit.
Shriya Saran : Her most important 2009 release was the commercially successful Tamil film "Kanthaswamy", alongside Vikram.
Shriya Saran : Shriya Saran Bhatnagar (] ; (born 11 September 1982) also known as Shriya, is an Indian actress and model who works predominantly in Telugu, Tamil, and Hindi language films.
Shin Ae-ra : Shin Ae-ra (born March 7, 1969) is a South Korean actress.
Hisaya Nakajo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Azusa Senou : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Azusa Senou : She married baseball player Takuro Ishii in 1996, but the marriage ended in divorce four years later.
Soraya Saga : Soraya was a graphic designer at Squaresoft for "Final Fantasy IV: Easy Type", "Romancing SaGa", "Final Fantasy V", and "Final Fantasy VI", She helped create the characterization for Final Fantasy VI characters Edgar and Sabin, beginning by choosing two playable character classes, in this case monk and machinist, choosing the desert as a setting, and then creating an extensive character background in a private booklet for herself.
Hebe Tien : In April 2019, Tien signed a recording deal with Pourquoi Pas Music (PQPMusic; 何樂音樂) and announced that her fifth studio album and second concert world tour is in preparation.
Maxine McKew : A letter requesting a job—written by McKew on BBC letterhead paper—was rewarded with a cadetship at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in Brisbane in 1974 following a brief stint as a news analyst at the investment bank Goldman Sachs.
Maxine McKew : Maxine Margaret McKew (born 22 July 1953) is a former Australian politician and journalist; she was the Parliamentary Secretary for Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government in the First Rudd Ministry and the First Gillard Ministry.
Bernice Liu : Bernice Jan Liu (born January 6, 1979) is a Canadian actress, singer, and commercial model based in Hong Kong.
Rebecca MacKinnon : Her parents' academic research careers led her to pass most of her primary school years in Delhi, India, Hong Kong, and Beijing, China, before moving back to Arizona for middle and high school.
Tammy Duckworth : Duckworth ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the United States House of Representatives in 2006, then served as Director of the Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs from 2006 to 2009 and as Assistant Secretary for Public and Intergovernmental Affairs at the United States Department of Veterans Affairs from 2009 to 2011.
Tammy Duckworth : Ladda Tammy Duckworth (born March 12, 1968) is an American politician and retired Army National Guard lieutenant colonel serving as the junior United States Senator from Illinois since 2017.
Yoshino Takamori : Her father is a dentist and professor of dentistry.
Yoshino Takamori : Although she applied for the Nippon Broadcasting System-sponsored amateur voice actor contest while in college and was defeated, she entered Hisashi Katsuta's voice acting school (now voice actor Katsuta Gakuin) in 1983, her sophomore year at university.
Konkona Sen Sharma : She will also appear in Amitabh Verma's "Jackpot" opposite Ranvir Shorey, in Suman Mukherjee's adaptation of "Shesher Kobita" and Goutam Ghose's "Shunyo Awnko".
Princess Nejla bint Asem : Princess Nejla bint Asem (born 9 May 1988) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Nayef and Princess Sana Asem.
Asha-Rose Migiro : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Asha-Rose Migiro : Migiro was appointed to the post of United Nations Deputy Secretary-General by Ban Ki-moon, the new United Nations Secretary-General from South Korea, on 5 January 2007.
Asha-Rose Migiro : She obtained her LL.B and LL.M from the University of Dar es Salaam and her PhD in 1992 from the University of Konstanz in Germany.
Zhang Xueling : Zhang Xueling (; born 7 May 1983 in Beijing, China) is a Singaporean table tennis player.
Zhang Xueling : Zhang has defeated her higher-ranked fellow Singaporean, Li Jiawei, 3 times to date: once at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games in the women's singles finals; another at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in the mixed doubles finals partnered by Cai Xiaoli against Li and her teammate, Yang Zi; and in the women's singles finals in the same Games, winning four out of five gold medals for the country.
Fan Bingbing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fan Bingbing : The same year, The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Fan Bingbing as a judge for the Academy Awards.
Fan Bingbing : In April 2017, Fan was announced to serve in the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury.
Alessandro Mancini : Mancini is a member of the Party of Socialists and Democrats.
Cécile de France : She caught the eye of Hollywood producers and soon landed her first major role in a US feature, "Around the World in 80 Days" (2004), in which she starred alongside Jackie Chan and Steve Coogan.
Ivana Wong : She was awarded the Singer-Songwriter Awards in Commercial Radio's Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation for seven consecutive years, including four times of Singer-Songwriter Gold Awards, for which she was widely acclaimed as “the Queen of Singer Songwriters (唱作皇后)”.
Lola Glaudini : Glaudini lives in Los Angeles with her husband, Stuart England, and two sons.
Laurence Leboeuf : Leboeuf was born on December 13, 1985 in Montreal, Quebec, to Diane Lavallée and Marcel Leboeuf.
Laurence Leboeuf : Laurence Charlotte Leboeuf (born December 13, 1985) is a Canadian actress.
Tsvetana Pironkova : Tsvetana Kirilova Pironkova ( ] ; born 13 September 1987) is a Bulgarian professional tennis player.
Ana Miranda : Ana Miranda is a Brazilian poet and novelist born in Fortaleza, Ceará in 1951.
Naoki Hane : Ranks 13th in total number of titles won in Japan.
Emma Stone : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Han Ga-in : Han Ga-in (born Kim Hyun-joo on February 2, 1982) is a South Korean actress.
Han Ga-in : On May 13, 2019, she gave birth to a son.
Han Ga-in : She studied hospitality management at Kyung Hee University; after entering the entertainment industry, she continued her studies part-time and graduated in 2007.
Han Ga-in : The drama not only ranked number one in its time slot throughout its run but achieved a peak recorded viewer rating of 42.2%, thereby earning "national drama" status.
Doutzen Kroes : Doutzen Kroes (] , ] ; born 23 January 1985) is a Dutch model, actress, and philanthropist.
Laura Dern : Harper and Dern married on December 23, 2005, at their home in Los Angeles.
Paula Scher : Scher moved to New York City and took her first job as a layout artist for Random House's children's book division.
Paula Scher : In 1991, after the studio suffered from the recession and Koppel took the position of Creative Director at "Esquire" magazine, Scher began consulting and joined Pentagram as a partner in the New York office.
Paula Scher : Paula Scher (born October 6, 1948, Washington, D.C.) is an American graphic designer, painter and art educator in design.
Naoko Matsui : Kimengumi", Rem Ayanokōji in "Dream Hunter Rem", Katsumi Liqueur in "Silent Möbius", Chiyoko Wato in "The Three-Eyed One", Runrun in "Mahōjin Guru Guru", Rabby in "Gall Force Eternal Story", Roux Louka in "Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ", Dorothy Catalonia in "Mobile Suit Gundam Wing", Azusa Shiratori in "Ranma ½", Miyako Todaiji in "Kamikaze Kaito Jeanne", and Sonoko Suzuki in "Detective Conan".
Angela Lindvall : She walked in the Victoria's Secret fashion shows in 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, and appeared in Victoria's Secret Holiday Commercial in 2004. and has also appeared in the Fendi, Calvin Klein, Christian Dior, Tommy Hilfiger, Jil Sander, Chanel, Versace, Prada, Gap, Jimmy Choo, Iceberg, DKNY, Chloe, Hermes, Valentino, Louis Vuitton, and H&M campaigns.
Angela Lindvall : Angela Lindvall (born January 14, 1979) is an American model and actress.
Angela Lindvall : In May 2005, Edwards and Lindvall had their second son together named Sebastian.
Li Xiaolu : In 2013, Li starred in comedy film "Personal Tailor" directed by Feng Xiaogang, playing multiple roles in the film.
Li Xiaolu : In 2005, Li won the Best Actress award at the Romania International Film Festival for her performance in the Sino-Japanese film "About Love".
Li Xiaolu : In October 2019, Li was revealed to have shot three intimate videos with rapper PG One, who was revealed to have been her lover in 2017.
Sarah Wayne Callies : Callies moved to New York in 2003 and then quickly landed her first television role as Kate O'Malley, a recurring part on the short-lived CBS show "Queens Supreme".
Sarah Wayne Callies : Sarah Wayne Callies (born June 1, 1977) is an American actress.
Sarah Wayne Callies : On January 23, 2007, her publicist announced that the couple were expecting their first child.
Kazuyo Sejima : Sejima's work tends to incorporate materials such as glass or slick surfaces such as marble.
Kazuyo Sejima : Sejima was born on 29 October 1956 in Mito, Ibaraki, Japan.
Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi : Sayeeda Hussain Warsi, Baroness Warsi {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 28 March 1971) is a British lawyer, politician, comedian and member of the House of Lords who served as co-Chairwoman of the Conservative Party from 2010 to 2012.
Thallium poisoning case of Zhu Ling : Sun Wei's grandfather is Sun Yueqi () who was an important member of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference as a senior leader of Revolutionary Committee of the Chinese Kuomintang and her first cousin once removed, Sun Fuling was deputy mayor of Beijing from 1983 to 1993 and Vice Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1998 to 2003.
Tang Li : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tang Li : Tang Li (Chinese: 唐莉; Pinyin: Táng Lì; born July 27, 1982) is a Chinese professional Go player.
Kat Dennings : Dennings played Norah Silverberg, the daughter of a famous record producer, and was nominated for the International Press Academy's Satellite Award for Best Actress for the performance.
Kat Dennings : She graduated from high school early at age 14, and moved with her family to Los Angeles to pursue acting full time under the professional surname "Dennings".
Mo Hayder : Hayder claims to have left school at fifteen, (a year ahead of the UK school leaving age at the time) and has worked as a barmaid, security guard, film-maker, hostess in a Tokyo club, educational administrator and a teacher of English as a foreign language.
Anthea Phillipps : Publications authored or coauthored by Phillipps include:
Memeco Sakata : Sato was born in Fukushima but grew up in Kanagawa.
Memeco Sakata : , formerly known as , is a Japanese actress, singer and gravure idol.
Maret Ani : Ani first played for the Estonia Fed Cup team in 1998.
Kay Tse : She admitted to Black Paper Magazine in 2011 that she had suffered depression during this time, though had recovered.
Amy Adams : My body was wearing out."
Amy Adams : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amy Adams : Also that year, she was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by "Time" magazine.
Amy Adams : Adams met actor and painter Darren Le Gallo at an acting class in 2001, and they began dating a year later while collaborating on a short film titled "Pennies".
Kyōka Suzuki : She won the Best Actress award at the 1998 Yokohama Film Festival for her role in "Welcome Back, Mr. McDonald", at the 42nd Blue Ribbon Awards for "Keiho" and at the 2011 Tokyo Drama Awards for "Second Virgin".
Denise Yue : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hilary Spurling : Born at Stockport, Cheshire, to circuit judge Gilbert Alexander Forrest (1912–1977) and teacher Emily Maureen, daughter of Joseph Armstrong, of Fivemiletown, County Tyrone, Spurling was educated at Clifton High School, an independent school in Bristol in South West England, followed by Somerville College, Oxford.
Kate Mara : In January 2017, the couple got engaged.
Kate Mara : Kate Rooney Mara ( ; born February 27, 1983) is an American actress.
Kate Mara : She is known for work in television, playing reporter Zoe Barnes in the Netflix political drama "House of Cards" (2013–2014; 2016), computer analyst Shari Rothenberg in the Fox thriller series "24" (2006), wronged mistress Hayden McClaine in the FX miniseries "" (2011), Patty Bowes in the first season of the FX drag ball culture drama series "Pose" (2018) and Claire Wilson, a teacher who begins an illicit relationship with an underage student, in the FX on Hulu miniseries "A Teacher" (2020).
Yui Aragaki : Aragaki Yui was born on June 11, 1988 in Naha, Okinawa.
Yui Aragaki : In 2001, at the age of 13, she began her Nicola modelling career and was very well received as a Nicola model, having set a record for appearing on cover for 15 times.
Christine Loh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amy Yamada : After graduating from high school in 1977, she entered Meiji University's Literature Department, but dropped out before graduating.
Princess Aisha bint Hussein : Princess Aisha bint Hussein ( ) (born 23 April 1968) is the sister of King Abdullah II of Jordan and is the twin sister of Princess Zein.
Run Sasaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kelly Lin : On 28 March 2011, Lin married Chinese-American businessman Chris Young in a low-key beach wedding in the Maldives.
Carice van Houten : In 2008, she starred in the non-commercial short movie "Zingen in het donker" (English: "Singing in the dark"), a drama on domestic violence.
Carice van Houten : Van Houten has stated that Hollywood makes her unhappy: "I have seen Hollywood, and although I have nothing against it, it's not my kind of life.
Carice van Houten : My agent is shocked that I want to stay in Europe," adding, "If Hollywood offers me a great part, of course I'll take it, but I just don't want to live there".
Carice van Houten : In December 2006, Van Houten withdrew from a theatre production of Alex van Warmerdam due to personal reasons.
Carice van Houten : She appeared in the magazine "Vanity Fair" in the issue for March 2008, photographed by Wayne Maser.
Carice van Houten : Van Houten went to the St. Bonifatiuscollege (high school) in Utrecht, where she played the leading role in Hugo Claus' "Tijl Uilenspieghel", directed by Ad Migchielsen.
Carice van Houten : Her first leading role in the television film "Suzy Q" (1999) won her the Golden Calf for Best Acting in a Television Drama; two years later, she won the Golden Calf for Best Actress for "Undercover Kitty" (2001).
Sophie Kinsella : Kinsella lives in Dorset and London with her husband, Henry Wickham (whom she met in Oxford), who was previously headmaster of Lockers Park boys preparatory school and now manages her business affairs.
Sophie Kinsella : The first two novels in her best-selling Shopaholic series, "The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic" and "Shopaholic Abroad", were adapted into the film "Confessions of a Shopaholic" (2009).
Lucille Soong : In 1969, she starred in the soap opera "Coronation Street", playing the role of Billy Walker's short-term girlfriend in 5 episodes.
Merve Kavakçı : In 2012, a book about Kavakçı titled "The Day Turkey Stood Still: Merve Kavakçı's Walk Into the Parliament" by Richard Peres was published.
Merve Kavakçı : Merve Safa Kavakçı (born 19 August 1968, Ankara) is a Turkish politician, who was elected as a Virtue Party (Turkish: Fazilet Partisi) deputy for Istanbul on April 18, 1999.
Merve Kavakçı : She failed to disclose her American citizenship, which was revealed after the elections, and she lost her seat in the parliament in March 2001.
Merve Kavakçı : Kavakçı is currently a professor at George Washington University and Howard University in Washington D.C. She is the mother of two, Fatima Abushanab, 21 and Mariam Kavakci, 20.
Merve Kavakçı : Kavakçı is a consultant for U.S. Congress on the Muslim world and a columnist for Turkish conservative daily "Vakit" newspaper.
Merve Kavakçı : She was awarded the Public Service Award in Tribute and in Recognition of efforts for the advancement of human rights and Muslim Women's empowerment by International Association for Women and Children in 2000.
Anja Mittag : On 30 August 2016, Mittag joined German club Wolfsburg on a two-year deal.
Anja Mittag : Anja Mittag (] ; born 16 May 1985) is a German football coach and player who plays as a striker.
Vivian Kubrick : In 2014, she posted a series of photographs of herself and her father to Twitter.
Vivian Kubrick : Like her father, Kubrick is an animal lover, and has rescued several stray dogs.
Vivian Kubrick : Kubrick was born on August 5, 1960 in Los Angeles, to filmmaker Stanley Kubrick and actress Christiane (née Harlan).
Vivian Kubrick : Vivian Vanessa Kubrick (born August 5, 1960), also credited under the pseudonym Abigail Mead, is an American-British filmmaker and composer.
Vivian Kubrick : In August 2010, her family announced that since 1999 she had been involved in the Church of Scientology and has been estranged from her family since then.
Nora Zehetner : Nora Angela Zehetner (born February 5, 1981) is an American film and television actress.
Nora Zehetner : Zehetner was born in El Paso, Texas, the daughter of Nancy Lynne (née Nelson) and John Carol Zehetner.
Nora Zehetner : When she was 14 she moved to Dallas where she attended McKinney High School for several years.
Hitoe Arakaki : Besides "Inori", all tracks on the album were co-written by her.
Evanna Lynch : Evanna Patricia Lynch (born 16 August 1991) is an Irish actress and activist.
Wang Anyi : She has an elder sister Wang Annuo ( ) and a younger brother Wang Anwei ( ).
Sarah Ayton : She won a gold medal in the Yngling sailing class in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, together with Shirley Robertson and Sarah Webb, and another gold medal in the Yngling sailing class in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Pippa Wilson and Sarah Webb.
Kaia Kanepi : She was named the 2008 Best Female Athlete of Estonia by the Association of Estonian Sports Journalists.
Kaia Kanepi : From November 2008, she was coached by Luca Appino.
Lindsey Vonn : This brought her to 70 career World Cup wins, increasing her lead over the previous women's world record holder for most World Cup podiums by a woman (Austrian Annemarie Moser-Proell, 62 career victories) and with her 25th Super-G win, she passed Austrian Hermann Maier for most Super-G wins for either gender.
Vanessa R. Williams : Vanessa Renee Williams, (born November 28, 1960 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American gospel music singer.
Miyuki Sawashiro : Sawashiro announced her marriage in 2014.
Selita Ebanks : She also formed a charity organization, "Women’s Coalition for Empowerment and Opportunity", after a trip to Sierra Leone in 2008.
Selita Ebanks : Ebanks has run her own talent school "Stardom Youth Foundation" since 2004 in her hometown Cayman Islands, providing career guidance for teenagers.
Selita Ebanks : She was accepted to attend undergraduate studies at Columbia University and New York University, but instead chose to pursue modeling.
Selita Ebanks : Selita Ebanks (born 17 February 1983) is a Caymanian model and actress.
Sasha Barrese : Alexandra Barrese (born April 24, 1981) is an American actress and professional poker player.
Gloria La Riva : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gloria La Riva : La Riva has translated Fidel Castro's book "Cuba at the Crossroads" (1997) <templatestyles src="Module:Citation/CS1/styles.css" /> , and produced the documentary videos "NATO Targets," "Workers' Democracy in Cuba" (1996), "Genocide by Sanctions: The Case of Iraq" (1998) and "Let Iraq Live!"
Gloria La Riva : As of July 24, 2016 La Riva and her campaign had raised $25,234 and spent $10,092.
Uhm Jung-hwa : Uhm launched her new clothing and lingerie line, "Corner Suite" and "ZHUM in New York", which made $10M USD within three months of its release.
Uhm Jung-hwa : Uhm said she felt a little afraid leading up to the surgery, but rather than being discouraged by the pain she was experiencing, she made up her mind to dedicate herself to helping others by inspiring them.
Uhm Jung-hwa : Uhm Jung-hwa (Korean:  ; born August 17, 1969) is a South Korean singer, actress and dancer.
Park Kwang-chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Edurne : Edurne embarked on a music career with Sony BMG Spain and released her first studio album, called "Edurne" in 2006, which spawns the single "Despierta" that debuted on the fifth position on the Spanish Singles Charts, "Amores Dormidos", and "Te Falta Veneno", which were the soundtrack for the Spanish telenovela "Yo Soy Bea" and both reached the top-twenty in Edurne's native country.
Princess Alia bint Hussein : Princess Alia bint Hussein (born 13 February 1956) is the eldest child of King Hussein of Jordan.
Princess Raiyah bint Hussein : On 5 November 2019, the court announced Princess Raiyah's engagement to British-born journalist Ned Donovan, son of the writer Tessa Dahl and Patrick Donovan (deceased on 7 February 2021), and a maternal grandson of Roald Dahl and Patricia Neal, while his paternal grandparents are Francis Patrick Donovan and Maria Kozslik.
Izumi Kobayashi : She became a professional go player in 1995, and was promoted to her current rank, 6 dan, in 2004.
Mari Motohashi : On the World Curling Tour, Motohashi won the 2007 Meyers Norris Penny Charity Classic and the 2009 Twin Anchors Invitational while playing for Meguro, and later skipped her own rink to win the 2014 Avonair Cash Spiel.
Miho Morikawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miho Morikawa : She has done songs for several anime series; including “Blue Water” and “Yes I Will” from "Fushigi no Umi no Nadia", “Positive” from "Ranma 1/2," and “By Yourself” from a "Dirty Pair" OAV and "Yahoo!"
Pang Qing : With her husband Tong Jian, she is the 2010 Olympic silver medalist, the 2006 and 2010 World Champion, a five-time Four Continents champion (2002, 2004, 2008, 2009 & 2011) and the 2008 Grand Prix Final Champion.
María Isabel Martínez : María Isabel Martínez de Murguía Embarba (born October 16, 1967 in Madrid) is a former field hockey player from Spain.
Mohammad Salim : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuriko Fuchizaki : Fuchizaki's roles often range from young boys to cute girls.
Yuriko Fuchizaki : Her representative roles include Retsu Seiba of "Bakusou Kyoudai Let's & Go!!
Billie Lourd : She graduated with a self-designed degree in "Art and Business as Religion" from New York University Gallatin School of Individualized Study, in 2014.
Billie Lourd : In 2016, Lourd returned to "Scream Queens" for its second season.
Billie Lourd : Billie Catherine Lourd (born July 17, 1992) is an American actress.
Billie Lourd : By December 2015, Lourd had joined the cast of the American biographical crime-drama film "Billionaire Boys Club", in the role of Rosanna, love interest of Kyle Biltmore.
Lee Sung-kyung : Lee Sung-kyung (Korean:  ; born August 10, 1990) is a South Korean model, actress and singer.
Shin Ji-min : Shin Ji-min (Korean:  ; born January 8, 1991), better known mononymously as Jimin, is a South Korean former rapper and singer.
Moon Young-nam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Moon Young-nam : In her dramas, Moon often delves into the harsh realities of married life with candidness and wit, and her style has been consistently popular with local audiences, resulting in high viewership ratings for "Famous Princesses" (2006), "First Wives' Club" (2007), "Three Brothers" (2009) and "Wang's Family" (2013).
Moon Young-nam : Moon began writing dramas in the early 1990s, but it was "Terms of Endearment" (2004) and "My Rosy Life" (2005) that brought her praise for taking clichéd and predictable tearjerker plots () and making them into powerful melodramas with a fresh spin, filled with ironically named characters.
Hong In-young : Hong represented her country at the 2005 edition of the Hong Kong-based Miss Asia Pageant, where she won Miss Photogenic and placed first runner-up.
Ana Lily Amirpour : Ana Lily Amirpour ( is an English-born Iranian-American film director, screenwriter, producer and actress.
Zhang Xiuping : In April 2013, she was appointed the deputy party chief of Jinzhong, she remained in that position until November 2014, when she was removed from office and expelled from the party for "took advantage of her post to seek profits for others, accepted a huge amount of money and property; and adultery."
Zhang Xiuping : Zhang began her political career in June 1985, and joined the Communist Party of China in July 1989.
Zhang Xiuping : In March 2000 Zhang was transferred to Taiyuan, capital of Shanxi province, and she worked in Shanxi Provincial Commission for Discipline and Shanxi Provincial Inspection and Supervision Bureau.
Ayako Imoto : She practiced hard in order to climb Mount Everest, but when she reached the Mount Everest base camp, thirteen Sherpas employed by another mountaineering party in Nepal died because of a major avalanche on April 18, 2014.
Gao Xiaoyan : Gao Xiaoyan (; born 1957) is a disgraced major general ("shao jiang") in the People's Liberation Army of China.
Kelsea Ballerini : They became engaged on Christmas Day 2016 and were married on December 2, 2017, in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Kelsea Ballerini : On February 28, she released the single "Hole in the Bottle" (stylized in all lowercase) and announced the tracklist for "Kelsea" including "Half of my Hometown" featuring Kenny Chesney and "The Other Girl" featuring Halsey.
Susanna Alakoski : She has also been editor for the anthologies "Tala om klass", "Lyckliga slut", and "Fejkad orgasm"
Susanna Alakoski : They have three children, Jaana-Kristina, Nilas, Runa.
Susanna Alakoski : The novel sold over 400,000 copies in Sweden and it has been made into a feature film with the English title of "Beyond".
Susanna Alakoski : In 2011, she released her first children's novel, "Dagens Harri", which were followed by "Guldfisken" in 2012 and "Dagens skräckis" in 2013.
Saori Ōnishi : During her elementary and junior high school years, she was part of a brass band club.
Carrie Wong : Carrie Wong ( ; pinyin: Huáng Sītián) is a Singaporean actress.
Celeste Ng : Ng's second novel, "Little Fires Everywhere", is set in Shaker Heights, Ohio, and follows two families, one a mother and daughter, that challenge the boundaries in the town.
Celeste Ng : Her father, who died in 2004, was a physicist at NASA in the John H. Glenn Research Center (formerly known as the NASA Lewis Research Center).
Celeste Ng : At Shaker Heights High School, Ng was involved with the student group on race relations for three years and a co-editor of the school's literary magazine, "Semanteme".
Celeste Ng : Ng's first novel, "Everything I Never Told You", released on June 26, 2014, won the Amazon Book of the Year award, as well as praise from critics.
Celeste Ng : She then attended graduate school at University of Michigan, where she earned her Master of Fine Arts in writing, now the Helen Zell Writers’ Program.
Celeste Ng : The book, which the Los Angeles Times called an "excellent first novel about family, love, and ambition," won Amazon book of the year in 2014 and was a "New York Times" Notable Book of 2014.
María Dolores del Río : From 2009 to 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Sonora.
Hon Lai-chu : Hon Lai-chu (, born 1978) is a Hong Kong writer.
Hon Lai-chu : Hon's 2006 story "The Kite Family" (《風箏家族》), first published as a novella, won the New Writer’s Novella first prize from Taiwan’s Unitas Literary Association and the extended version was named one of 2008’s Books of the Year by China Times in Taiwan.
Poman Lo : Poman was named one of the Outstanding Young Persons of the World by Junior Chamber International in 2014.
Poman Lo : In 2015, Poman was a winner of the Oslo Business for Peace Award by the Business for Peace Foundation in Norway.
Poman Lo : Following the airing of the 3D animated series Space Squad in February 2014 on CCTV and over 80 channels in China, Bodhi and Friends has developed a 3D mobile language learning program Bodhi Galaxy and a unique range of educational games and music videos to inspire multiple intelligences.
Poman Lo : Poman Lo () is the CEO and Founder of Century Innovative Technology Limited (CIT), She is also the Vice Chairman of Century City International Holdings Limited and Regal Hotels International Holdings Limited and an Executive Director of Paliburg Holdings Limited and Managing Director of Regal Portfolio Management Limited.
Fiona Sze-Lorrain : Her third collection "The Ruined Elegance" was published by Princeton University Press in the Princeton Series of Contemporary Poets in 2016 and was named one of Library Journal's Best Books in Poetry for 2015.
Fiona Sze-Lorrain : Her concert venues include Carnegie Hall, Merkin Concert Hall, World Music Hall of Wesleyan University, Maison des cultures du monde, Zuiderpershuis Wereldculturen centrum, Rasa Wereldculturencentrum, UNESCO World Heritage Centre, Musée Cernuschi, and the Orbigny-Bernon Museum.
Jerry Huang : Jerry Huang or Huang Zhi-wei (; born 10 April 1981) is a Taiwanese actor and model.
Ko Sung-hee : Ko Sung-hee (born June 21, 1990) is a South Korean actress.
Ko Sung-hee : She played her first leading role in the fantasy-period drama "Diary of a Night Watchman" (2014).
Choi Min-jeong : Choi Min-jeong (Hangul: 최민정; born 9 September 1998) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
Suthida : Suthida Bajrasudhabimalalakshana ( , , ] ( ) ), born Suthida Tidjai ( ; 3 June 1978), is the Queen of Thailand as the fourth wife of King Vajiralongkorn.
Suthida : On 1 December 2016, she was appointed Commander of the Special Operations Unit of the King's Guard and promoted to the rank of general.
Suthida : In October 2016, international media reports labeled her as the designated king's "consort", despite the palace never officially declaring their relationship.
Myint Myint Aye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Myint Myint Aye : Myint Myint Aye (born 18 November 1977) is a retired athlete who represented Myanmar in the middle-distance events.
Anna Todd : She married her husband Jordan, an American soldier, when she was 18 years old, and the two moved to Fort Hood, Texas, where she worked at a Waffle House and the makeup counter of ULTA Beauty.
The Commander-In-Chief : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
John Bentham : John James Bentham (born 3 March 1963) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City and was on the books of Bolton Wanderers as an associate schoolboy.
Tang Ying Chi : Tang’s works has been collected by public institutions including the Hong Kong Museum of Art, Hong Kong Heritage Museum, Central Library of Sydney, as well as private collectors and art lovers.
Tang Ying Chi : Graduated with a BA (Hons) in Fine Art at the Goldsmiths College, University of London, England, in 1989, Tang was awarded Master of Fine Art and Doctor of Fine Art degrees at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University in Australia in 2003 and 2008 respectively.
Melody Tan : In September 2014, she was rumored to be in a relationship with fellow contestant Liu Ke, after singing Valen Hsu's "If The Clouds Know" (如果云知道) during the battle round and embracing each other for 20 seconds.
Kimiko Yo : Her mother is Japanese and her father, who moved to Japan for business and later founded the Hakka Association in Japan, is Hakka Taiwanese.
Mariko Okubo : Okubo was born in Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan, on September 7, 1984.
Jinny Ng : In 2008, 16-year-old Jinny Ng was discovered by an agent while singing in karaoke with her friends.
Jinny Ng : Jinny Ng Yeuk Hei (; born 23 May 1992) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer, hostess and actress.
Ri Yong-jik : Ri Yong-jik (李榮直, born 8 February 1991), also known as Lee Yong-jick, is a North Korean international football player who plays for Tokyo Verdy.
Om Chol-song : Om Chol-song (born 12 November 1992) is a North Korean international football player who plays for April 25 Sports Club and North Korea national football team.
Ri Sang-chol : Ri Sang-chol (born 26 December 1990) is a North Korean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Sim Hyon-jin : Sim Hyon-jin (born 1 January 1991) is a North Korean professional footballer who plays as a left back and left midfielder.
Sandra Adair : (1986) or "Internal Affairs" (1990).
Sandra Adair : and Austin Film Society.
Sandra Adair : Adair is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, of American Cinema Editors (A.C.E.)
Sandra Adair : Together they worked on films and documentary features such as "Desert Hearts" (1985), "Creation of the Universe" (1985), "What Happened to Kerouac?"
Sandra Adair : Her family moved to Las Vegas in the early 1960s.
Sandra Adair : Sandra Adair (born 1952) is an American film editor who has worked with director Richard Linklater since 1993.
Özge Bayrak : Özge Bayrak (born February 14, 1992) is a Turkish badminton player.
Ha Wen : She works for China Central Television (CCTV) and is most famous for directing the CCTV New Year's Gala in 2012, 2014, and 2015.
Pamela Redmond Satran : An expert on English personal naming, Satran is the CEO of the naming website Nameberry.
Pamela Redmond Satran : Raised in Norwood, New Jersey, Satran attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where she was arts editor of "The Daily Cardinal".
Pamela Redmond Satran : Pamela Redmond Satran (born April 10, 1953), now known as Pamela Redmond, is an American entrepreneur and author of fiction and nonfiction.
Sally Chen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sally Chen : Sally Chen (Shali) (; born 1948) is a Taiwanese actress.
Yanghee Lee : Yanghee Lee (Korean:  ; Hanja:  , born 24 July 1956) is a South Korean developmental psychologist and professor at Sungkyunkwan University.
Yanghee Lee : She has published numerous articles and books on human rights and children’s rights.
Yanghee Lee : Lee was appointed special rapporteur of the UN on the situation of human rights in Myanmar first established in 1992 under the Commission on Human Rights Resolution 58 and extended annually.
Hiroaki Saiuchi : Hiroaki Saiuchi (Japanese 歳内 宏明; born 7 July 1993) is a Japanese professional baseball player who currently plays for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows of Nippon Professional Baseball.
Huang Lixin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jiang Shuying : Jiang Shuying (, born 1 September 1986), also known as Maggie Jiang, is a Chinese actress.
Jiang Shuying : She was educated at Shanghai Theatre Academy and the University of East Anglia (MSc Media Economics, 2011).
Yang Na : Group Exhibitions:
Yang Na : She studied oil painting at the Sichuan Fine Arts Institute (2002–06) and received a Master of Arts from the same institution in 2010.
Charlotte McKinney : Charlotte Ann McKinney (born August 6, 1993) is an American actress and model who first gained attention as an Instagram personality, eventually achieving wider recognition for her appearance in a Carl's Jr. commercial which aired regionally during Super Bowl XLIX in 2015.
Charlotte McKinney : After dropping out of high school at age 17, McKinney, who describes herself as "a curvier bombshell with big boobs," pursued a modeling career but struggled to find success with an agency.
Florence Faivre : Florence Vanida Faivre (born 8 June 1983) is a Thai actress and model.
Eliana Rubashkyn : Rubashkyn's case attracted international media and legal attention after her mistreatment following her detention at Hong Kong International Airport because of the lack of congruence between her gender identity and her passport photo, resulting in several years of statelessness in Hong Kong, and inhumane reclusion into several refuge centers across Yuen Long.
Ayaka Asai : In 2015, she voiced the title character Mio Naruse in the anime adaptation of "The Testament of Sister New Devil".
Betty Jones : Having been an Art major at Sarah Lawrence College, in 1971 Jones made her professional debut in two secondary roles in the Boston Opera Group's production of "Louise", staged by Sarah Caldwell, with Carol Neblett in the title role.
Sonoya Mizuno : Also in 2016, she was the feature dancer in the music video for "Wide Open" by The Chemical Brothers and Beck, and appeared in the music video for Frank Ocean's song "Nikes".
Sonoya Mizuno : Sonoya Mizuno (born c. 1986/1987) is an English actress, model, and ballet dancer who has collaborated with director Alex Garland in works such as "Ex Machina", "Annihilation", and "Devs".
TĀLĀ : She was raised in Kingston, South London, and attended a catholic school in Twickenham until she was 16, when she attended the BRIT School.
Morgan Hurd : Hurd finished in first place ahead of DiCello and Hitomi Hatakeda of Japan, with a score of 55.832 in the all-around; she recorded the highest score on bars, the second-highest score on floor exercise, and the third-highest score on vault and balance beam.
ShaoLan Hsueh : Hsueh was named by "Entrepreneur" magazine as "one of the Six Women with Asian roots Redefining Creative Entrepreneurship" in 2019.
ShaoLan Hsueh : In 2005, while studying for a master's degree at Cambridge, she founded Caravel Capital.
Noh Sa-yeon : Noh Sa-yeon (; born March 3, 1957) is a South Korean singer, television personality, and radio DJ.
Christiana Lin : 54.
Christiana Lin : —— Christiana Lin
Christiana Lin : In 1995, Dr. Merton Miller, who won the 1990 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, visited Taiwan.
Christiana Lin : For several times at the Mozarteum International Summer Academy in Salzburg, she studied piano with the American pianist, Prof. Leon Fleisher.
Christiana Lin : Bach Sechs Partiten BWV 825–830 Analysis und Interpretation", Lin went to do research at the Bach-Archiv in Leipzig.
Christiana Lin : In 1991, she worked with the conductor Edgar Seipenbush and the Innsbruck Symphoniker, performing Schumann's Piano Concerto in A minor Op.
Christiana Lin : Lin initiated an international concert tour starting in 2013: "Echo aus Wien", piano duo at the Klimt Villa in Vienna in late August; "Wonderful Melody", cembalo and piano recital at the Tianjin Concert Hall in Tianjin in October; "Accolades to Classics", piano recital at the Central Music Conservatory Concert Hall in Beijing in November; "Wonderful Melody", this time a piano recital at Bach Hall in Taipei in February 2014; "Beauty of Classics from Vienna", piano recital at the Minnan Grand Theater in Xiamen in April; and finally, "The Charming Classics", piano recital at the Shanghai Concert Hall in Shanghai in early July 2014.
Mai Shiraishi : She became the youngest model for women's fashion magazine "Ray", issued by Shufonotomo, since 23 March 2013.
Mahokaru Numata : Mahokaru Numata, Kanae Minato and Yukiko Mari are regarded as representatives of the genre in Japan.
Mariane Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
María Ólafsdóttir : María Ólafsdóttir (born 2 February 1993), known outside Iceland as María Ólafs, is an Icelandic singer, musician, and actress.
Guido Vadalá : Guido Vadalá (born 8 February 1997) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Charlotte Independence in the USL Championship.
Angela Wozniak : They have a son.
Angela Wozniak : In May 2016, Wozniak announced that she would not seek reelection to her Assembly seat.
Angela Wozniak : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stephanie Ho : On 11 March 2020, Ho released her first single as an independent singer, "致有夢想的人", written and produced by Cousin Fung.
Stephanie Ho : Stephanie Ho (Chinese; 何雁詩, born 2 November 1992) is a Hong Kong singer, actress and golfer.
Stephanie Ho : In 2013, she signed with MusicNext and released her first single "淚如鐵".
Stephanie Ho : She is also close with others in the entertainment industry including Winki Lai, Sisley Choi, Anjaylia Chan, Cheronna Ng Fred Cheung, Joey Law, Dickson Yu, Mayao Ma, Grace Chan, Adrian Chau, Daniel Chau and William Chak.
Sisley Choi : Sisley Choi (; born 6 February 1991) is a Hong Kong actress.
Sisley Choi : Choi won Best Actress at the 2020 TVB Anniversary Awards, became the first post-90s actress and the second youngest one after Ada Choi in 1998, to won the title.
Meng Zhaojuan : Meng Zhaojuan (; born 14 December 1989) is a road and track cyclist, who most recently rode for UCI Women's Continental Team China Liv Pro Cycling .
Meng Zhaojuan : Meng was born in Tongliao, Inner Mongolia, China, and moved to Hong Kong in 2006.
Pang Yao : Pang Yao (; born 27 May 1995) is a Hong Kong road and track cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team China Liv Pro Cycling .
Chia-ying Yeh : Florence Chia-ying Yeh {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born July 1924), also known as Ye Jiaying (), Jialing (), and by her married name Chia-ying Yeh Chao, is a Chinese-born Canadian poet and sinologist.
Chia-ying Yeh : After graduating in 1945, she taught in the then capital Nanjing, and married Chao Chung-sun (赵钟荪), a navy employee, in March 1948.
Barbara Woodward : Woodward was then admitted to the University of St Andrews in Scotland in 1979 and read history.
Barbara Woodward : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Barbara Woodward : Barbara Janet Woodward was born to Arthur Claude Woodward (1921–1992) and Rosemary Monica Gabrielle Fenton in Gipping, Suffolk, United Kingdom, on 29 May 1961.
Chieko Matsubara : Spotted at a beauty contest sponsored by the Nikkatsu studio, Matsubara made her debut in 1961 at age 16 in "Yoru no chōsensha".
Anna Ishii : She debuted as a model in the U-15 fashion magazine "nico☆puchi" in 2010 before joining E-girls.
Anna Ishii : In 2011, she was chosen through a nationwide audition process called ""EXILE Presents VOCAL BATTLE AUDITION 3 ~For Girls~"" in the dance performance category to be a member of a yet-to-debut dance and vocal group, "bunny".
Anna Ishii : Ishii was born on July 11, 1998, in Tokyo, Japan.
Karen Fujii : On October 26 in 2008, Karen became one of the EXPG graduates who were chosen to be members of the performance group Happiness, marking the start in her career as a vocalist and performer.
Karen Fujii : On August 11, 2016, she was announced to debut in the unit ShuuKaRen alongside Shuuka Fujii.
Karen Fujii : Karen is the younger sister of Johnny's West member Ryusei Fujii and former E-girls, Flower and ShuuKaRen member Shuuka Fujii.
Marin Honda : On March 30th, she announced she was changing coaches to Rafael Arutyunyan and was moving to the US to live and train full-time.
Marin Honda : She has an elder brother, Taichi, an elder sister, Maho, and two younger sisters, Miyu and Sara.
Honoka Yahagi : Yahagi was born on 7 March 1997 in Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
Kwon So-hyun : Kwon So-hyun (born August 30, 1994) is a South Korean singer and actress.
Diao Xiaojuan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Diao Xiaojuan : Diao Xiaojuan (; born 15 March 1986) is a track cyclist representing Hong Kong.
Diao Xiaojuan : In 2008, she was recruited by coach Shen Jinkang (沈金康) to join the Hong Kong cycling team.
Lee Hyun-ji : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Hyun-ji : Lee Hyun-ji (; born January 19, 1987) is a former singer from South Korea.
Lee Hyun-ji : She began her career as a member of the electronica group Banana Girl before debuting as a solo artist in 2008 with the album, "Kiss Me Kiss Me".
Gong Seung-yeon : She also starred in the short film "My Dream Class", and sang the theme song for the movie.
Yuria Kizaki : On June 23, 2010, she got promoted to an official member belonging to Team S. Gomen ne, Summer was the single where Kizaki was selected to sing the title track for the first time.
Huang Ting-ying : Huang Ting-ying (, born 29 May 1990) is a track and road cyclist from Taiwan.
Amy Sheldon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tang Kerong : Tang Kerong (born 7 May 1988) is a road cyclist from China.
Miyuki Watanabe : In AKB48's 2013 general elections, Watanabe placed 15th.
Miyuki Watanabe : On July 3 to 4, 2016, Watanabe's graduation concert titled "Until The End Warukī, I'm Sorry" was held at Kobe World Memorial Hall.
Polina Gagarina : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Polina Gagarina : In March 2010, her second studio album "O sebe" was released.
Polina Gagarina : In 1993, Gagarina's father died and her mother decided to move the family back to Russia, but they soon moved back to Greece and settled in Athens.
Polina Gagarina : She gave birth to their son, Andrey, on 14 October 2007.
Polina Gagarina : After winning "Star Factory", Gagarina was invited to perform in the group Playgirls.
Aya Shibata : Her future dream is to be a talent.
Kei Jonishi : In February 2014, during AKB48's Group Shuffle, Jonishi was appointed the vice-captain of Team N. In 2014, she ranked at 58th with 14,194 votes in the group's general elections.
Nana Yamada : In 2005, Yamada passed Hello Project's Kansai auditions.
Airi Tanigawa : Her audition song was "Kiseki" by GReeeeN.
Yua Shinkawa : On 9 August 2019 her management agency announced that she will marry an ordinary person in the near future.
Yua Shinkawa : Shinkawa made her screen debut in the television drama "Chōnan no Kekkon" in 2008, and made her film debut in the 2010 film "Matataki" in which Keiko Kitagawa played the lead role.
Nana Komatsu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sae Murase : In October 10, 2020, she announced her graduation from NMB48 at a concert at the NMB48 Theater.
Nagisa Shibuya : On January 1, 2019, during NMB48's new year event, Shibuya was promoted as captain of Team M, starting on March 1.
Chihiro Anai : Anai's nickname at the point of debut was "Chiichan", but was later changed to "Chihiron".
Chihiro Anai : In the 2014 AKB48 general elections, Anai ranked for the first time, placing 39th with 18,825 votes.
Yolandi Du Toit : Yolandi Du Toit (born 3 June 1985) is a South African mountain biking and road cyclist, who represented her nation at the 2006, 2007 and 2008 UCI Road World Championships.
Hussein Sherif : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hussein Sherif : Sherif won the bronze medal in the men's finweight (under 54 kg) division at the 2013 World Taekwondo Championships in Puebla.
Haruka Chisuga : She was discovered in 2012 after winning the Miss Macross 30 contest, which was held to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the "Macross" franchise.
Huang Xiaowei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Xiaowei : Huang Xiaowei (; born May 1961) is a Chinese politician currently serving as the party secretary of the All-China Women's Federation.
Joy Villa : Villa is known for her flamboyant outfits which she has worn to the Grammy Awards.
Joy Villa : Villa was born in Orange, California.
Joy Villa : On May 5, 2018, Villa joined the UK March for Life in London.
Joy Villa : Joy Angela Villa ( ; born April 25, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and YouTuber.
Joy Villa : Villa had stated that she supported Senator Bernie Sanders early in the 2016 United States presidential election but soon switched to supporting Trump in the general election.
Joy Villa : Joseph Villa was an Italian-Argentine, while her mother Mildred Angela Pierce Villa was African American and had some Choctaw Native American ancestry.
Joy Villa : an umbrella-wielding carny in the "Heroes" Season 4 episode "Orientation", and other appearances on "", "The Valley Girls" and MTV "Next".
Joy Villa : On November 28, 2017, Villa filed a police complaint against Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski for allegedly slapping her buttocks at a holiday party at the Trump International Hotel Washington D.C.. Villa admitted she waited a month before talking to police.
Atsumi Tanezaki : Upon expressing her desire to become a voice actress as a fan event, Iwao responded stating that she looked forward to being able to work with her.
Luo Haiqiong : Luo Haiqiong (born 10 August 1973) is a Chinese actress.
No Science : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hong Yeo-jin : Hong Yeo-jin (born February 5, 1958) is a South Korean actress.
Nancy Ip : Her recent research to understand the deregulation of signaling pathways mediated by different classes of cell surface receptors has led to critical insights on the mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease, and unveiled new molecular targets and potential therapeutic strategies for the disease.
Nancy Ip : She received her bachelor degree in Chemistry and Biology from Simmons College in 1977, and she earned a doctorate in pharmacology from Harvard University Medical School in 1983.
Nancy Ip : In 2004, she received the L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science Award at the 6th Annual L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards for her discoveries on the molecular control of growth, differentiation and synapse formation in the nervous system.
Hannah Quinlivan : She is studying at the University of Arizona Film Department.
Hannah Quinlivan : Hannah Quinlivan (born 12 August 1993), also known as Jen Wu () and Kun Ling (), is a Taiwanese Australian actress and model.
Yoo Young-a : Yoo Young-a (] ; born 15 April 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Sejong Sportstoto in the WK League.
Chinatsu Kira : She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games.
Kang Suk-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Su Weizhen : Su Weizhen (; 16 July 1954) is a Taiwanese writer, educator and editor.
Su Weizhen : Later, she taught literature at the Chinese Culture University and was editor for the literary supplement of the "United Daily News".
Rong Zi : Rong Zi ( ) was the pen name of Wang Rongzi ( ; 1922 – 9 January 2021), a Chinese-born Taiwanese writer who is considered to be a leading modern day Taiwanese poet.
Lana Condor : Condor took acting classes at the New York Film Academy and Yale Summer Conservatory for Actors and, in 2014, was a theatre scholar at the California State Summer School for the Arts.
Rebecca Bailey : Rebecca Jane Bailey (born 3 September 1974) is a road cyclist from New Zealand.
Rebecca Bailey : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Janine Brown : She received her Bachelor of Arts in animal sciences from North Dakota State University in 1976, and her Master of Arts in 1980 and Doctor of Philosophy in 1984 in animal sciences from Washington State University.
Suzu Hirose :  She played Chihaya Ayase in the competitive karuta film "Chihayafuru".
Julia Michaels : In April 2017, her new song "How Do We Get Back to Love" was premiered on the HBO series "Girls".
Julia Michaels : Michaels has said her inspirations include Fiona Apple, Lisa Mitchell, Laura Marling, Missy Higgins, Paramore, Juliet Simms, Sarah Blasko, and The Fray.
Julia Michaels : Together with the Norwegian musician Kygo she performed "Carry Me" at the closing ceremony of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : "Free Solo" won the 2019 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : Vasarhelyi has received grants from the Sundance Institute, the Ford Foundation, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Bertha Britdoc, the William and Mary Greve Foundation and the National Endowment of the Arts.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : Vasarhelyi grew up in New York City, and is the daughter of Marina Vasarhelyi, a college administrator, and Miklós Vásárhelyi, a college professor.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : She was selected as a 2013 Sundance Documentary Film Fellow, named one of "Filmmaker" magazine's 25 New Faces of Independent Film in 2005 and received an Achievement Award from Creative Visions foundation in 2008.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : Their daughter, Marina, was born on September 25, 2013, and their son, James, was born on December 7, 2015.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : Vasarhelyi worked in 2004 as an assistant to director Mike Nichols on the film "Closer" and has worked extensively with Emmy-Award-winning cinematographer Scott Duncan documenting events such as the Dakar Rally.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : The film premiered at the Telluride and Toronto Film Festivals and won numerous awards including the Special Jury Prize at the Middle East International Film Festival in 2008 and a nomination for the Pare Lorentz Award at the 2009 International Documentary Association Awards.
Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi : In 2013, Vasarhelyi completed "Touba", a documentary on the annual Mouride pilgrimage, the Grand Magaal in Touba, Senegal.
Irene Koki Mutungi : In December 2014, she was named among "The 20 Youngest Power Women In Africa 2014", by Forbes Magazine.
Irene Koki Mutungi : Airline Captain Irene Koki Mutungi, commonly known as Koki Mutungi, is a professional pilot in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
Irene Koki Mutungi : After graduating high school in 1992, at the age of 17 years, she enrolled in flight school at Nairobi's Wilson Airport, where she obtained her Private Pilot's License.
Irene Koki Mutungi : In September 2014, Mutungi was one of 39 pilots at Kenya Airways, out of a total of 530 and she was the designated Captain on the Nairobi to Paris route on the B787.
Lai Ying Tong : She always plays keyboards in their concerts, so she has earned the name 'the 5th member of C AllStar'.
Lai Ying Tong : Lai Ying Tong (; born 4 January ), known professionally as Siu Tung (), is a Hong Kong Cantopop songwriter, arranger and performer as well as music educator.
Chia-Hui Lu : In Taiwan, Lu performed "An Evening of Fantasy with the Taipei Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra, "Care for Taiwan's Land Restoration Concert" - Robert Schumann's Concerto in A Minor with Philharmonia Moment Musical, "Sound Of Formosa" - the Piano Concerto premiere of Gordon Shi-Wen Chin with the National Symphony Orchestra, and "Evening of Dance" - Piano Recital, among others.
Seo Eun-ah : Seo Eun-ah (born February 26, 1989) is a South Korean actress.
Seo Eun-ah : In 2013, Seo beat 200 hopefuls when she auditioned three times for the leading role as a student who has an affair with her professor's husband in the film "Act", for which she won the Grand Bell Award for Best New Actress.
Wang Shanshan : Wang Shanshan played for China's gold medal-winning team at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen.
Wang Shanshan : Wang Shanshan (; born 27 January 1990) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women's national football team.
Wang Shanshan : In April 2015 she scored in China's 2–1 friendly defeat by England at Academy Stadium, Manchester.
Wang Shanshan : At the 2018 Asian Games, she scored 9 goals in a match against Tajikistan after appearing as a 56th minute substitute.
Choi Ran : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
So Kyong-jin : So Kyong-jin (born 8 January 1994) is a North Korean international football player.
Ko Yu-ting : Ko Yu-ting (; born 18 January 1994) is a Taiwanese football player.
Zhou Qunfei : Zhou Qunfei married her former factory boss, had a daughter, and divorced.
Sonia Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sonia Chan : In 2000, she attended Renmin University of China in Beijing and earned a master's degree in Criminal Law.
Sonia Chan : Sónia Chan Hoi Fan (; born December 1964), was the Secretary for Administration and Justice, second most senior government official in Macau.
Kang Sung-yeon : Kang Sung-yeon (born July 21, 1976) is a South Korean actress.
Ying-Hui Fu : She was elected to the US National Academy of Sciences in 2018.
Mayuko Kawakita : She is the 2003 winner of the Japan Bishōjo Contest which is a beauty pageant held by Oscar Promotion.
Luo Ying : Luo Ying (; born 1991) is a Chinese badminton player.
Willa Fitzgerald : Fitzgerald earned a BA in theater studies from Yale University in 2013.
Willa Fitzgerald : In March 2017, Fitzgerald was cast in a starring role in the Fox television pilot "Behind Enemy Lines", playing Navy pilot Roxanne Daly, though Fox passed on the pilot in May 2017.
Hana Sugisaki : Sugisaki debuted as a child actress with Stardust Promotion under the stage name .
Khalilah Ali : She appeared in the Jane Fonda film "The China Syndrome".
Khalilah Ali : Khalilah Camacho Ali (born Belinda Boyd; March 17, 1950) is an American actress, also known for being the former wife of boxer Muhammad Ali.
Saili Rane : Saili Rane (born 25 June 1993) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays Singles.
Ni Shiqun : Ni Shiqun (; born 26 February 1997 in Shanghai) is a Chinese chess player, who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM).
Kanna Hashimoto : from DVL.
Kanna Hashimoto : Hashimoto starred as teenage alien girl Kagura in the "Gintama" live-action film in 2017, and later reprised the role in a sequel film in 2018.
Kevin J. Smith : In 1955, Kevin R. Smith was transferred to Footscray from North Melbourne, and the two men with the same name played together in two games.
Lee Hye-in : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Madilyn Bailey : In 2014, she married James Benrud.
Moon Ray : Raggio Di Luna or Moon Ray is an Italo disco project which included producers Aldo Martinelli and Fabrizio Gatto, and singers Simona Zanini and Mandy Ligios (who also recorded as 'Comancero').
Reina Ueda : Ueda was born in Toyama Prefecture on January 17, 1994.
Reina Ueda : She also became part of the voice actor unit Anisoni∀ together with three other 81 Produce newcomers: Rie Takahashi, Chiyeri Hayashida, and Kayoto Tsumita.
Doo Hoi Kem : Doo Hoi Kem (; born 27 November 1996) is a female Hong Kong table tennis player.
Marilyn Mosby : From 2001 to 2002 she was a paralegal coordinator and later field counsel for Liberty Mutual Insurance in 2012.
Marilyn Mosby : Marilyn Mosby (née James; born January 22, 1980) is an American politician and lawyer who serves as the State's Attorney for Baltimore since 2015.
Marilyn Mosby : In 2005 James married Nick Mosby, a Maryland State Delegate.
Marilyn Mosby : She ran against incumbent Gregg L. Bernstein in the Democratic primary, defeating him with 55 percent of the vote.
Yang Ha-eun : Yang Ha-eun (born 25 February 1994) is a South Korean female table tennis player.
Yang Ha-eun : Yang opened up 2021 playing better than her world ranking of 81 would indicate, including wins over Suh Hyowon (WR 21) and Choi Hyojoo (WR 64) at the Korean Olympic trials and Melanie Diaz (WR 68) at WTT Doha.
Sanne Wevers : This was the first time a Dutch woman won an individual medal in artistic gymnastics, the second time a Dutch woman won a medal in artistic gymnastics after the Dutch team won gold at their home Olympics in 1928, and the second time a Dutch gymnast won an individual medal, following Epke Zonderland's win on the horizontal bar at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Mu Zi : Mu Zi (; born 9 January 1989) is a Chinese female table tennis player.
Mu Zi : In 2015, she reached the semifinal of her first women's singles event at the World Championships and in 2019 she won with Chen Ke the Hong Kong Open Women's Doubles.
Massstar : massstar participated in a comic competition held by Naver, which gave her the chance to debut.
Massstar : massstar (Hangul: 맛스타) is a South Korean webtoon artist.
Massstar : However, she hesitated to take up comics due to a belief in Korea that comic artists are unable to feed themselves.
Massstar : In July of the same year, the Chinese and English translated versions of "unTouchable" were serialized on the service as well.
Massstar : In February 2015, massstar attended the Taipei International Comics and Animation Festival together with fellow webtoon artist Oh Seong-dae.
Steven Allan : Steven Allan (born 22 September 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Shintaro Kurumaya : On 7 May 2015, Japan's coach Vahid Halilhodžić called him for a two-days training camp.
Shen Yiqin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chau Hoi Wah : Chau Hoi Wah (Chinese: 周凱華, also known as Cathy Chau Hoi Wah; born 5 June 1986) is a Hong Kong badminton player, specializes in doubles play.
Catherine West : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Catherine West : She was leader of the council's Labour Party group from 2004 to 10 October 2013 and Council Leader from 6 May 2010 to 10 October 2013.
Catherine West : She was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hornsey and Wood Green in May 2015.
Catherine West : West was sacked from the Labour frontbench in June 2017 after she voted in favour of an amendment to the Queen's Speech which called on the UK to remain in the European Single Market, in defiance of the Labour whip.
Kelly Tolhurst : From 2008, she ran a marine survey business, called Tolhurst Associates, with her father, with employment in marketing previous to this point.
Kelly Tolhurst : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victoria Atkins : They have one son.
Victoria Atkins : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victoria Atkins : Prior to her political career, she worked as a barrister specialising in the field of fraud.
Victoria Atkins : Atkins was privately educated at the Arnold School, a co-educational independent school in Blackpool in Lancashire.
Lucy Frazer : Frazer was educated at Leeds Girls' High School, and Newnham College, Cambridge, where she was elected President of the Cambridge Union.
Lucy Frazer : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lucy Frazer : Born on 17 May 1972 in Yorkshire, Frazer is descended from Jewish immigrants among whom was her grandfather Dr Hyman Frazer CBE, headmaster of Gateway Grammar School in Leicester.
Rebecca Long-Bailey : Rebecca Roseanne Long-Bailey ("née " Long; born 22 September 1979), sometimes referred to by her initials RLB, is a British politician and former solicitor serving as Member of Parliament (MP) for Salford and Eccles since 2015.
Rebecca Long-Bailey : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Paula Sherriff : Paula Michelle Sherriff (born 16 April 1975) is a British Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Dewsbury in West Yorkshire from 2015 to 2019.
Nobuhiro Doi : Nobuhiro Doi graduated from Waseda University School of Economics and Politics.
Zhang Xiaobai : In 2006, her manhua, "Hello", won the Best short Award at the 5th China Manhua Award.
Zhang Xiaobai : Zhang was born in Anshan, Liaoning, China, on December 19, 1982.
Zhang Xiaobai : She won the Gold Award at the 4th International Manga Award in 2011.
Jessie Chung : In 2011, Chung released "I Just Fall in Love Again" through Symphony Musical House.
Jessie Chung : Jessie Chung () is a Malaysia musician, singer, songwriter, actress, author, naturopath, and nutritional consultant.
Jessie Chung : On 3 February 2017, during Chinese New Year, Chung was struck on the nose by her partner in a badminton match and was sent to the emergency room.
Jessie Chung : On 12 November 2015, Chung signed with Beijing CTV Star Culture Development Co., the same label that Eric Moo is signed to.
Jessie Chung : She currently serves as president of the Malaysia Naturopathic Association (MNA) and vice-president of the Malaysian Anti-Cancer Association (MACA).
Jessie Chung : On 30 June 2015, Chung performed the Tearless Sky Concert in Taipei.
Jessie Chung : On 30 October 2016, Chung brought her "There You Are Tour" to Taipei Ximending.
Jessie Chung : In 2007, Jessie Chung began authoring and published her first book, "Jessie Diary".
Jessie Chung : On 24 August 2016, Chung started her "There You Are Concert Tour", completing five shows in Kuala Lumpur, Penang, and Kuching.
Jessie Chung : In 2016, Jessie Chung signed to Future Entertainment & Music Group Australia to prepare for her debut in the international music scene and began to record the album "There You Are".
Jessie Chung : In 2014, Chung cameoed in the movie Kungfu Taboo, sharing the screen with Kara Wai, Frederick Lee, and Henry Thia.
Jessie Chung : From 18 December 2016 to May 2017, Jessie Chung toured across Malaysia with the Be Strong Concert Tour.
Jessie Chung : They have stated that the situation is understandable under the Malaysian constitution that forbids same sex marriage.</ref> On 7 May 2017, at the press conference for the release of "Be Strong", Chung's artist manager brought her and Joshua their Australian permanent residence certificate and stated that Chung and her husband will soon legally register their marriage in Australia and hold a wedding once again at Gold Coast.
Rebecca Rittenhouse : Rittenhouse was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Pasadena.
Rebecca Rittenhouse : Rittenhouse was originally considered for the female lead role in the superhero film "Deadpool", but lost the part to Morena Baccarin.
Lü Xiwen : J.I.
Lü Xiwen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lü Xiwen : On February 20, 2017, Lü was sentenced on 13 years in prison for taking bribes worth 18.78 million yuan (~$2.73 million) by the Intermediate People's Court in Jilin.
Lü Xiwen : The party's internal investigation concluded that Lü "violated political rules, trivialized policies and the direction of the party centre, formed factions of her own, resisted investigation, did not honestly report her own activities to the [investigating] organization, interfered in the personnel decisions of her previous area of oversight [assumed to be Xicheng District], lost control of her staff, violated the Eight-point Regulation, frequented private clubs; interfered with the market economy, interfered with law enforcement; violated lifestyle discipline, lived a life of luxury and pleasure seeking."
Junying Yuan : Junying Yuan (, born October 3, 1958) is the Elizabeth D. Hay Professor of Cell Biology at Harvard Medical School, best known for her work in cell death.
Junying Yuan : She completed her Bachelors in Biochemistry in 1982, and was subsequently one of the first students admitted to doctoral study in the United States through the China-U.S. Biochemistry Examination and Application (CUSBEA) program, coming in second out of the 25,000 who attempted the CUSBEA in its first year.
Bob Gleeson : Bob Gleeson (17 July 1931 – 3 July 2020 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Rachel Honderich : Rachel Honderich (born 21 April 1996) is a Canadian badminton player from Toronto, Ontario.
Rachel Honderich : She won her first senior international title at the 2014 Czech International tournament in the women's doubles partnered with Michelle Li.
Kehlani : Early in her life, Kehlani aspired to train as a dancer at the Juilliard School, but she had a knee injury in junior high, which led her to turn her attention towards singing.
Kimia Alizadeh : Explaining her defection, she stated, "I am one of the millions of oppressed women in Iran who they have been playing with for years."
Kimia Alizadeh : Alizadeh at 18 years of age won a bronze medal in the taekwondo 57 kg weight class at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro by defeating Swedish athlete Nikita Glasnović.
Kim Hyon-ung : Kim Hyon-ung (born 16 January 1975) is a North Korean sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Yumiri Hanamori : In 2015, Hanamori served as the 62nd personality of Radio Flush.
Yumiri Hanamori : In 2017, Hanamori switched her affiliation to m&i.
Yumiri Hanamori : When Hanamori was in the second year of high school, her friend encouraged her to try out voiceover as a career choice, piquing Hanamori's interest in voice actors.
Yumiri Hanamori : On October 22, 2015, Hanamori walked through the red carpet with producer Masashi Ishihama and Ryoichi Ishihara as a part of the "" voice cast at the Tokyo International Film Festival.
Zhang Yafei : Zhang Yafei (; born 15 September 1970) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Sarah Duke : Duke finished the 2006 season with third place in the US NATC Women's Trials Championship behind the Canadian Gas-Gas rider Kerry Williams and the American Sherco rider Caroline Altman.
Wang Likun : She is best known for her roles in television series "Seven Swordsmen" (2006), "Beauty's Rival in Palace" (2010), "Beijing Youth" (2012), "Miss Assassin" (2013), "Qing Mang" (2013), "Twice Blooms the Flowers" (2015); as well as the movies "Ex-Files" (2014) and "Somewhere Only We Know" (2015).
Anastasia Lin : She won the 2016 Leo Award for Best Female Lead Performance in a TV Movie.
Hong Jin-kyung : Hong Jin-kyung (born December 23, 1977) is a South Korean entrepreneur, model, host, comedian and actress.
Hong Jin-kyung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hilda Heine : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hilda Heine : She received her honorary doctorate in philosophy from Fu Jen Catholic University in 2019.
Hilda Heine : She earned a master's degree at the University of Hawaii in 1975, and an educational doctorate at the University of Southern California in 2004.
Meghan McCarthy : She was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for "Outstanding Original Song - Children's and Animation" for her lyrics in the "Friendship Is Magic" episode "Sweet and Elite".
Jlin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jlin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lei Chunmei : After joining the Communist Party of China in 1978, Lei has successively served as the vice mayor of Ningde, the head of the Communist Youth League provincial organization in Fujian, the vice mayor of Fuzhou, the mayor of Longyan, and the party chief of Nanping.
Lei Chunmei : Lei Chunmei (; born January 1959) is a Chinese politician of She ethnic heritage currently serving as the head of the United Front Work Department in Fujian, a province in southeastern China, and a member of the provincial Party Standing Committee.
Lei Chunmei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Haidi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jun Amano : Jun Amano (天野 純, born 19 July 1991 in Miura, Kanagawa, Japan) is a Japanese football player for Yokohama F. Marinos.
Naren Hua : Naren Hua (born 17 November 1962) is a Chinese film and television actress of Mongolian ethnicity.
Yan Bingyan : Yan Bingyan () is a Chinese film and television actress.
Ai Liya : Ai Liya (; born 1 December 1965 in Inner Mongolia) is a Chinese film and television actress.
Phyoe Phyoe Aung : Phyoe Phyoe Aung ( ; born 25 August 1988) is a student activist and former political prisoner from Burma (Myanmar).
Phyoe Phyoe Aung : She was one year old when her father was arrested and sentenced for 20 years in 1989.
Phyoe Phyoe Aung : Her father is also an activist and was repeatedly arrested and sentenced for long prison terms under the military regime.
Song Xiaoying : Song Xiaoying () is a Chinese film and television actress.
Liu Shanshan : On 8 December 2012, Liu made her debut for the China women's national football team, in a 4–0 defeat by the United States at Ford Field, Detroit.
Liu Shanshan : Liu Shanshan (; born 16 March 1992) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women's national football team and for Beijing BG Phoenix of the Chinese Women's Super League.
Ho Yen Mei : Ho Yen Mei (born 29 April 1996) is a Malaysian badminton player who competes in the singles category.
Ho Yen Mei : Ho has said that she would have become a swimmer if not for her father, and that she has no regrets taking up badminton whilst she still favours swimming.
Wang Xiaoni : Wang Xiaoni () (born 1955) is a Chinese poet.
Carmen Romero López : Carmen Romero López (born 15 November 1946), is a Spanish politician.
Ana Miranda Paz : Ana Maria Miranda Paz is a Galician politician of the Galician Nationalist Bloc.
Ana Miranda Paz : Miranda took over the seat in February 2018, joining the parliamentary group of the Greens/European Free Alliance in March.
Ugyen Ugyen : Ugyen competed for Bhutan in the women's individual event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta; she finished 60th in the ranking round before being beaten by Olena Sadovnycha from Ukraine in the next round.
Mizuki Yamamoto : In 2014, she graduated from Meiji University where she studied life science.
Heo Sol-ji : She was a member of the ballad duo group 2NB from 2006 to 2010.
Heo Sol-ji : She made a surprise appearance in EXID's Asia Tour in Seoul on 13 August 2017, but she was still not medically cleared to return to group activities.
Ruriko Kojima : From December 27 to January 5, 2014, in the 93rd National High School Rugby Tournament highlights program by the production of the agency, she was the caster with Daisuke Ohata (Kobelco Steelers Ambassador, former rugby Japan national team).
Sohyang : Soon afterwards she was diagnosed with uterine cancer; due to the early detection, she was able to survive the cancer, but was rendered infertile.
Andra Day : ".
Andra Day : She also performed Nina Simone's "Mississippi Goddam" for the soundtrack for the Netflix documentary, "What Happened, Miss Simone?
Andra Day : She followed immediately after a moving address by Mothers of the Movement, a group of black mothers who had lost a child through encounters with police and gun violence.
Andra Day : In October 2015, she sang "Rise Up" at The White House and again performed the song for A&E's live special, "".
Aoi Morikawa : In 2010, Morikawa won the "Seventeen's Miss Seventeen", with models such as Ayaka Miyoshi, among the 5,575 applicants.
Gadde Ruthvika Shivani : Gadde Ruthvika Shivani (born 26 March 1997) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays singles.
Pamela Andersson : Andersson is a cancer survivor.
Pamela Andersson : Pamela Kristina Alselind, (née "Andersson", born 13 March 1965) is a Swedish journalist that writes for "Expressen" and the magazine "Amelia".
Woo Hee-jin : Woo Hee-jin (born May 24, 1975) is a South Korean actress.
Liu Yanhan : Liu Yanhan (; born 19 January 1993 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese volleyball player.
Yoon Hae-young : Yoon Hae-young (born January 5, 1972) is a South Korean actress.
Rozaliya Nasretdinova : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rozaliya Nasretdinova : Rozaliya Haydyarovna Nasretdinova ( ), (born 10 February 1997) is a Russian swimmer.
Kim Min-tae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Min-tae : Kim Min-tae (; born 26 November 1993) is a South Korean football player who plays for Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo in J1 League.
Christine McCarthy : McCarthy graduated from Smith College with a bachelor's degree in biology.
Christine McCarthy : On June 30, 2015, McCarthy was appointed as the CFO of The Walt Disney Company replacing Jay Rasulo under a four-year contract with a base salary of $1.25 million with a potential 200% performance based bonuses and 250% long term incentive award.
Youn-a : They were in the same modelling agency.
Youn-a : Youn-A uses this as a stage name, while her name in Korean was Kim Yeonga (김영아).
Hiker Chiu : Hiker Chiu (; born 1966) is a Taiwanese intersex human rights activist who founded Oii-Chinese in 2008 and cofounded Intersex Asia in 2018.
Hiker Chiu : Chiu did not learn about the word "intersex" until viewing the film "XXY" in 2008, and after s/he reread his/her medical files regarding surgical and hormonal treatment performed in his/her early years.
Philippe Germain : Philippe Germain is a French politician who served as President of the Government of New Caledonia from 2015 to 2019.
Hinako Sano : In March 2013, she graduated from Tama University Meguro High School.
Hinako Sano : In August 2014, Sano became an exclusive Beauty Muse of "Vivi".
Hinako Sano : She appeared in the photo collection "Hare Nochi Tsuintēru", and served as a model in "After School Tails".
Sarah Jeffery : In January 2016, she began a lead role in Adi Hasak's American police procedural crime series "Shades of Blue", playing Cristina Santos, the daughter of Jennifer Lopez's character; the series was renewed for a second season.
Sarah Jeffery : She subsequently joined the cast of Fox's sci-fi drama series "Wayward Pines" playing the recurring role of Amy, opposite Matt Dillon and Carla Gugino.
Reika Sakurai : From October 25 to November 9, 2014, she played the heroine in the musical "Mr. Kaminari", alongside former Nogizaka46 bandmate Misa Etō.
Lonneke Slöetjes : Lonneke Slöetjes (born 15 November 1990) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as an opposite spiker.
Lonneke Slöetjes : During the 2016 Olympic Games, Slöetjes helped the Netherlands reach their first semifinal, finishing fourth and being chosen as Best Opposite Spiker of the tournament.
Lonneke Slöetjes : Slöetjes won the 2016–17 CEV Champions League gold medal with VakıfBank Istanbul when her team defeated the Italian Imoco Volley Conegliano 3-0 and she was also awarded Best Opposite Spiker.
Yvon Beliën : Yvon Beliën (born 28 December 1993) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as a Center.
Laura Dijkema : Laura Chantal Dijkema (born 18 February 1990) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as a setter.
Celeste Plak : Celeste Plak (born 26 October 1995) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as an outside hitter.
Song Mi-jin : Song Mi-jin (born March 23, 1983), known as Emily Song is a South Korean singer and actress.
Song Mi-jin : She is a member of Taiwanese girl group Dream Girls.
Chizuru Kotō : In June 2009, Kotō moved to Hisamitsu Springs.
Chizuru Kotō : Chizuru Kotō (古藤千鶴, Kotō Chizuru, born Oct 8, 1982) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.
Nancy French : She is known for co-writing or ghostwriting books with a number of public figures, including Bristol Palin, Sarah Palin, Sean Lowe, Bob Fu, Shawn Johnson, and Stacey Dash.
Chang Wook-jin : Chang Wook-jin is a diplomat of the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and was formerly the Special Assistant of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-moon.
Karen Fukuhara : In 2016, Fukuhara made her film debut as Katana in the DC Comics superhero film "Suicide Squad", which was released in August 2016.
Carme Forcadell : She was released the same day with a precautionary bail of 150,000 euros.
Carme Forcadell : In October 2019, she was sentenced by Spain's Supreme Court to 11 years and six months in prison and disqualification for the crimes of sedition and embezzlement of public funds.
Carme Forcadell : Maria Carme Forcadell i Lluís (born 29 May 1955) is a Spanish politician from Catalonia.
Yuna Taira : Taira was in the sixth grade at elementary school when her mother and grandmother applied for her to be in the film "I Wish".
Jo Malone : Malone is married to former surveyor, Gary Willcox, and they have a son together.
Jo Malone : In 2008, Malone received an MBE, then in 2018 a CBE In 2015, she was a castaway on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs".
Jo Malone : In 2003 Malone was diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer, and after a year of treatment her cancer was in remission.
Jo Malone : In 1999, Malone sold Jo Malone London to Estée Lauder for "undisclosed millions".
May Chan : May Chan Ka-kai (, born 29 May 1985) is a Hong Kong television actress currently under Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB) management.
May Chan : Chan had a small role in Dayo Wong's 2013 drama "Bounty Lady", though she only appeared in a few episodes starring in the role Judy Ha Ming Chu, a village chief daughter looking for a man, it was enough for her to stand out with audiences praising her comedic acting.
Vanessa Yeung : In 2014, she made a new attempt on the sports column writing about World Cup in the newspaper “the-sun”.
Vanessa Yeung : In addition, she also launched two books.At 2002, Vanessa launched her first autobiographical "2555 days" about her experience as a model for seven years.
Vanessa Yeung : In 2015, she had a new column on sky post called "Friday Vanessa".
Vanessa Yeung : In 2018, she had a new column on Apple daily called "Vanessa Discovery".
Vanessa Yeung : Subsequently, she has returned to Hong Kong, has been participating in fashion shows organized by the HKTDC Hong Kong Fashion Week and many brands of fashion show and work as a master of ceremonies, to expand her career opportunities in the modelling industry.
Vanessa Yeung : She has hosted for Radio Television Hong Kong for two series of "Diving Program" to lead the audience to observe the sea, presented the unspoiled marine ecosystems in front of audience, so that raise the awareness of protecting about the marine ecosystem in the public.
Vanessa Yeung : On May 2012, Vanessa spent three years traveled more than a dozen cities such as Paris, London, New York and San Francisco, Los Angeles, Lyon, Amsterdam, tasted a hundred of Michelin cuisine, interviewed with dozens Michelin chef for published the first Michelin restaurant cookbook 《For Two in 32 minutes　把米芝蓮廚藝帶回家》.
Vanessa Yeung : Besides studying Korean, she also had a Korea section in the program "A circle" which interviewed number of popular Korean stars, including the popular Korea super Junior M member Zhou Mi(조미), South Korea New girl group A Pink, Shinhwa(신화)member Jun Jin, the popular boy band Infinite, popular girl group Crayon Pop and the actress from "Take Care Of Us, Captain," "Boys Over Flowers," Gu Hye Soon (구혜선) and so on ...
Lee Joon-ha : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rachel Hannah : In 2015, she won a bronze medal in the Pan American Games marathon—her second marathon ever – with a time of 2:41:06.
Carlson Young : In January 2016, Young became engaged to Foster the People member and producer Isom Innis.
Carlson Young : She moved to Los Angeles and attended the University of Southern California, where she studied creative writing and enjoyed writing poetry.
Carlson Young : She is known for her roles on Disney Channel's "As the Bell Rings", the film "Premature", Comedy Central's "Key & Peele", and as Brooke Maddox in the first two seasons of the MTV television series "Scream".
Amir Hosseini : Amir Hosseini ( , born 23 July 1975 in Mashhad) is a retired Iranian volleyball player who former played as a setter for the Iranian national team of the year 2002–2012.
Esther Qin : She is attending RMIT in Melbourne.
Esther Qin : Esther Qin (; born 18 November 1991) is a Chinese-born Australian diver.
Samantha Mills : In 2015, she is a South Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder and coached by Michel Larouche.
Samantha Mills : At the 2013 Summer Universiade, she won the gold medal in the Women's 1m and teamed with Esther Qin to win the silver medal in the Women's 3m Synchronized.
Guo Pei : In 2016, Time Magazine listed her as one of the World's 100 Most Influential People.
Guo Pei : She is best known for designing dresses for Chinese celebrities, and in America for Rihanna's trailing yellow gown at the 2015 Met Ball.
Karsta Lowe : Karsta Lowe, born February 2, 1993, is an American volleyball player who was a First Team All-American at UCLA and, as a member of the United States women's national volleyball team, won the gold medal at the 2015 FIVB World Grand Prix and was honored as the Most Valuable Player and the bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup and the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Nozomi Furuki : From April 2014, she is affiliated with Mausu Promotion.
Nozomi Furuki : Her major voice roles include Chiisana Ojisan as Watashi and Barakamon as Miwa Yamamura.
Qiyu Zhou : Qiyu Zhou (Chinese: 周齐宇; born January 6, 2000), also known as Nemo Zhou and her online alias akaNemsko, is a Chinese-born Canadian chess player who holds the titles of Woman Grandmaster (WGM) and FIDE Master (FM), and a Twitch live streamer.
Song Nam-hyang : Song Nam-hyang (born 6 May 1996) is a North Korean diver.
Song Nam-hyang : At the 2014 Asian Games, She won the silver medal of women's 10m synchronized platform with her partner Kim Un-hyang and came the 6th at the individual event.
Carat Cheung : She attended Killarney Secondary School and graduated from University of British Columbia majoring in Economics Business Studies.
Shin A-young : Shin A-young (born February 18, 1987) is a South Korean television personality and announcer.
Shin A-young : On December 22, 2018, Shin married a non-celebrity two years younger than her.
Shin A-young : Her husband is also an alumna of Harvard University and works in the financial industry.
Fumika Baba : Baba's skills are ballet and waking up early.
Sophie Massieu : Sophie Massieu, born at Cherbourg-Octeville on February 8, 1975, is a journalist from the department of Manche in Normandy, France.
Koji Yanagi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lucas Espindola da Silva : On 1 January 2020, Eastern announced that they had signed Lucas.
Lucas Espindola da Silva : Lucas Espindola da Silva () is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern.
Shi Jinglin : Shi Jinglin (; born 3 January 1993) is a Chinese competitive swimmer who specializes in the breaststroke events.
Tian Xiangli : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cui Yuying : Cui Yuying (; born May 1958) is a Chinese politician of Tibetan ethnicity, serving since January 2015 as the deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China and the deputy director of the State Council Information Office (vice-minister level).
Cui Yuying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Jeong-hwa : On October 11, 2019 it was confirmed that Park signed on with J-Wide Company to pursue her acting career.
Park Jeong-hwa : Park Jeong-hwa was born on May 8, 1995, in Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea.
Park Jeong-hwa : She was a JYP Entertainment trainee before joining Yedang Entertainment.
Kim Hee-ra : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoo Yeon-seung : Yoo Yeon-seung (; born 21 December 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Anyang in the K League 2.
Kanata Konami : Her first manga was published in the magazine Nakayoshi in 1982.
Anri Sugihara : Thinking of how she could use her low height and her high voice, she decided to give gravure a go.
Anri Sugihara : In 2012, Sugihara was appointed as a secretary of Hiroshima Prefecture tourism.
Eefje Muskens : Eefje Muskens (born 17 June 1989) is a Dutch badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Hikaru Ohsawa : From January 11, 2014, she served as a reporter of "King's Brunch".
Hikaru Ohsawa : Her first starring role is the stage play, "Pool Side Story", and later appeared in theater plays, films, and television dramas.
Hikaru Ohsawa : In 2010, Ohsawa is affiliated with her current office, Stardust Promotion.
Cha Seung-woo : Cha Seung-woo (born July 27, 1978), better known as Cha Cha, is a South Korean singer and actor.
Selena Piek : Selena Piek (born 30 September 1991) is a Dutch badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Fitriani : Fitriani (born 27 December 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Gregoria Mariska Tunjung : Gregoria Mariska Tunjung (born 11 August 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player who plays in the singles event.
Anya Taylor-Joy : Anya Josephine Marie Taylor-Joy (born 16 April 1996) is an American-born Argentine-British actress and model.
Rie Takahashi : In March 2016, Takahashi received the Best Newcomer Award at the 10th Seiyu Awards.
Rie Takahashi : After graduating from the 81 Actor's Studio in 2013, she formally joined 81 Produce.
Mei Xiaohan : Mei Xiaohan ( ; born 11 November 1996) is a water polo player of China.
Mei Xiaohan : She was part of the Chinese team at the 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
Xiong Dunhan : She was part of the Chinese team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Niu Guannan : Niu Guannan ( ; born 10 May 1992) is a water polo player of China.
Zhang Cong : Zhang Cong (born 3 May 1990) is a water polo player of China.
Zhao Zihan : Zhao Zihan (born 4 September 1993) is a water polo player of China.
Wang Xinyan : Wang Xinyan (born 26 April 1991) is a water polo player of China.
Polina Tsurskaya : Polina Igorevna Tsurskaya was born on July 11, 2001 in Omsk, Russia.
Polina Tsurskaya : Coached by Tatiana Odinokova in Omsk until 2013, she joined Eteri Tutberidze and Sergei Dudakov after relocating to Moscow.
Polina Tsurskaya : On the junior level, she is the 2016 Winter Youth Olympic champion, the 2015 Junior Grand Prix Final champion, a four-time Junior Grand Prix event champion, and the 2015 Russian junior national champion.
Dinar Dyah Ayustine : Dinar Dyah Ayustine (born 18 October 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player, who plays in the women's singles discipline.
Chen Jialin : Chen Jialin (born 1942) (陈家林) is a Chinese director.
Maddison Keeney : Maddison Keeney (born 23 May 1996) is an Australian diver.
Ren Qian : She won a silver medal in the women's 10 m platform at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and then followed it with a gold at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, becoming the youngest champion to top the podium (aged 15).
Ren Qian : Ren was selected to the Chinese diving squad for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, competing individually in the women's 10 m platform.
Mai Mihara : In February 2017, she placed fourth in the short and first in the free at the Four Continents Championships in Gangneung, South Korea, outscoring Canada's Gabrielle Daleman by 3.94 points for the gold medal.
Candy Yuen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Candy Yuen : Candy Yuen Ka-man (; born October 28, 1984) is a Hong Kong actress and presenter.
Andrea Foster : Andrea Foster (born 12 March 1997) is a Guyanese middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres.
Yui Hatano : In 2014, she won the Best Actress award in the 2014 DMM Adult Awards.
Yui Hatano : She was also cast in a lead role in the 2015 Taiwanese film "Sashimi" ( , transliteration of "sashimi").
Isabel García Tejerina : Isabel García Tejerina (Valladolid, 9 October 1968) is a Spanish politician who is a member of the PP.
Isabel García Tejerina : She has a Master's from University of California, Davis in Agricultural Economy, a Bachelor's in Law from the University of Valladolid and a degree in agricultural engineering from the Technical University of Madrid.
Nguyễn Xuân Nam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nguyễn Xuân Nam : Nguyễn Xuân Nam (born 18 January 1994) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Forward for Hồ Chí Minh City, having previously played for Lao Premier League club SHB Vientiane F.C.
Claire Liu : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Claire Liu : At age 14, Liu was the youngest tennis player to win a professional tournament since Anna Kournikova in 1996.
Beanie Feldstein : Feldstein is openly queer, and has been in a relationship with English producer Bonnie Chance Roberts since 2018.
Beanie Feldstein : In 2015, Feldstein appeared as a guest in the third season of Netflix's comedy series "Orange Is the New Black".
Catarina Martins : Catarina Soares Martins (born 7 September 1973) is a member of the Parliament of Portugal for the "Bloco de Esquerda" party or Left Bloc in English.
Catarina Martins : She is the co-founder of an avant-garde project entitled "Companhia de Teatro de Visões Úteis", which began in Porto in 1994.
Hsieh Chien-ho : Hsieh Chien-ho (born 25 November 1987) is a female Taiwanese long-distance runner.
Hsieh Chien-ho : On January 28, 2018, Hsieh placed fourth in the Osaka Half Marathon with a time of 1:12:19, breaking her own national record by three minutes.
Yiu Kit Ching : Christy Yiu Kit-Ching (born 20 February 1988) is a long-distance runner from Hong Kong.
Yiu Kit Ching : Yiu finished 39th in the women’s marathon at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, setting a new personal best and national record with a time of two hours 36 minutes and 11 seconds.
Shiena Nishizawa : Nishizawa was born in Saitama Prefecture on February 23, 1997.
Louise Chow : She studied agricultural chemistry at National Taiwan University, graduating in 1965 before moving to California to pursue graduate studies in chemistry at the California Institute of Technology, earning her Ph.D in 1973.
Asana Mamoru : Mamoru's hobbies are cooking and listening to music and her skill is ballet.
Asana Mamoru : In December 2009, Mamoru was awarded the "Miura Award" in the "'09 Gravure Tamashi Awards"
Asana Mamoru : Her previous agency was LRF, for working for the "Gekkan", and her "Gekkan" blog was closed because of the "circumstances of the management policy".
Nilüfer Demir : Nilüfer Demir (born 1986) is a Turkish photojournalist and photographer based in Bodrum, Turkey.
Nilüfer Demir : She covered the European migrant crisis during the summer of 2015 and her photographs of Alan Kurdi became world news on 2 September 2015.
Kumi Yamashita : She was born in 1968 in Takasaki, Japan, and then relocated to the United States in high school as part of an exchange student program and has remained in New York City since.
Kumi Yamashita : The artist is best known for her light and shadow sculptures constructed from everyday objects.
João Francisco : João Francisco Nóbrega da Silva (born January 28, 1947 in Mangaratiba) is a former Brazilian football manager.
Daniella Wang : Born in Nanyang, Henan on August 6, 1989, Daniella Wang graduated from Beijing Zhongbei King Art School ().
Christina Hodson : Hodson is originally from London, England.
Christina Hodson : In May 2015, Warner Bros. hired Hodson to write the new script for "The Fugitive", based on the 1993 film of same name.
Christina Hodson : In September 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment acquired Hodson's female-centered sci-fi action script "The Eden Project", which Tobey Maguire and Material Pictures would produce.
Christina Hodson : Christina Hodson is a British screenwriter, known for "Bumblebee" (2018) and "Birds of Prey" (2020).
Christina Hodson : In April 2018, she was also hired to write a Barbara Gordon / Batgirl film for Warner Bros. By July 2019, she was hired as screenwriter for a film centered around the DC comics character The Flash for Warner Bros, with the film set to be directed by It director Andy Muschietti.
Hong Hwa-ri : Hong Hwa-ri (born February 21, 2005) is a South Korean actress.
Lin Shih-chia : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tsubasa Masuwaka : In 2012, Masukawa briefly held a singing career and released music under the name Milky Bunny.
Ayaka Fukuhara : On October 25, 2020, Fukuhara announced she has married fellow voice actor Reo Nakanishi.
Ayaka Fukuhara : Fukuhara was born in Kagoshima Prefecture on December 31, 1989.
Maika Yamamoto : At the age of 15 she moved to Tokyo to attend private high school while pursuing an acting career.
Mckenna Grace : Grace is a vegetarian and has directed her affection for animals towards work with Farm Sanctuary and PETA, including appearing in a campaign reminding people not to leave their dogs in hot cars.
Mckenna Grace : Grace was born in Grapevine, Texas, on June 25, 2006.
Mckenna Grace : On November 28, 2018, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that Grace would appear as the younger version of Sabrina Spellman on the second season of Netflix's "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina".
Mckenna Grace : She learned ice-skating to portray the younger version of Tonya Harding in the biopic "I, Tonya" and also played the significant role of Juliet in the horror film "" along with Bella Thorne; Franck Khalfoun directed the film.
Aya Endō : On August 8, 2013, Endō reported her marriage on her blog.
Aya Endō : In the internet radio program "Plume Monogatari", she formed the voice acting unit "Plume" with Manabi Mizuno and Shiho Kawaragi, but it is currently inactive.
Aya Endō : She said that the reason she decided to go to the training school was because her parents knew Nozawa and thought he would be a safe option.
Aya Endō : Sailor Fuku", the opening theme song for the TV animation "Lucky Star", and in 2008, she won the Best Singing award at the 2nd Seiyu Awards together with Aya Hirano, Emiri Katō and Kaori Fukuhara.
Hailey Baldwin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hailey Baldwin : Baldwin was raised as an Evangelical Christian and attends Hillsong Church, the same church Bieber attends.
Hailey Baldwin : Baldwin and Justin Bieber had briefly dated from December 2015 to January 2016, before splitting, then reconciled in May 2018.
Hailey Baldwin : The Biebers had a second ceremony in South Carolina on September 30, 2019.
Hailey Baldwin : Baldwin's first career aspiration was to become a professional classic ballet dancer, but her training ended due to a foot injury.
Hailey Baldwin : Her mother is a Brazilian of Italian and Portuguese descent, and her father is of English, Irish, Scottish, French, and German descent.
Elias Fernandes de Oliveira : Elias Fernandes de Oliveira known as Elias (; born 22 May 1992) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Campeonato Paulista Série A2 club Juventus.
Oh Ha-young : Oh made her official debut as a solo artist on August 21, 2019 with the release of the eponymous extended play "Oh!"
Oh Ha-young : She reprised her role of female lead Yoo Ha-ri, an aspiring actress, in the sequel "Love, Stay in Time" ( ), which was made available on Danaflix on June 25 and screened nationwide at Danaflix cinemas for four weeks starting on June 27, 2018.
Son Na-eun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elvira T : After the success of Elvira T's YouTube song "Всё решено" ("Vsyo Resheno", "All is Decided") when she was 15, she quickly rose to fame with the song hitting the top 20 charts in Russia, and coming into the top 100 of Europe.
Stefanie Joosten : After doing numerous small acting roles and commercials, she got a call from a mystery agent who was looking for models to help with an undisclosed video game.
Yukiyo Fujii : Her first voice role was in the anime movie "Patema Inverted".
Yukiyo Fujii : She was originally affiliated with Aoi Corporation, where she also appeared in Television Dramas, amongst others.
Lee Jang-ho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Isabel Celaá : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Isabel Celaá : María Isabel Celaá Diéguez (born 23 May 1949) is a Spanish politician.
Isabel Celaá : Between 1998 and 2009 and 2012 and 2016, she has been a member of the Basque Parliament for Province of Vizcaya.
Isabel Celaá : She was head of list of the PSE-EE to the Senate by the circumscription of Vizcaya in the general elections of 2015 and 2016 but she was not elected.
Isabel Celaá : From 2009 to 2012 she held the position of Counselor of Education, Universities and Research in the government of Patxi López, She is particularly interested in the improvement of the Basque educational system and technology, and advocates scientific research.
Isabel Celaá : On 7 June 2018, Pedro Sánchez after being sworn new Spanish Prime Minister, following the motion of censure that the PSOE presented against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was approved by the Congress of Deputies on 1 June 2018, appointed her as Minister in new Spanish government.
Mawra Hocane : She holds a degree in law from the University of London which she finished after returning to school.
Lorella Stefanelli : She is a lawyer and worked in the Sammarinese Department of Tourism.
Chan Wing Sze : Chan Wing-sze ( , born 11 September 1983) is a Hong Kong women's professional football player.
Michelle Pao : Pao Hsin-hsuan (; born 1 September 1992), known as Michelle Pao, is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Taiwan Mulan Football League club Taichung Blue Whale and the Chinese Taipei women's national team.
Ivana Miloš : Ivana Miloš (born (1986--)7 1986 in Rijeka) is a Croatian volleyball player.
Sim Sang-jung : She was formally charged for 'instigation of mass harm' and 'instigation of arson', and was sentenced to 1.5 years imprisonment, but a 2-year suspended sentence, soon after she became pregnant.
Sim Sang-jung : Sim Sang-jung (born 20 February 1959) is a South Korean politician.
Sim Sang-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zheng Yixin : She is the Middle Blocker of China women's national volleyball team.
Chung Sun-hye : Chung Sun-Hye or Jeong Seon-Hye ( ; born 17 December 1975) was a South Korean female volleyball player.
Michael Hawking : Michael Hawking (born 1 June 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Chen Hualan : Chen Hualan (; born 1969) is a Chinese animal virologist best known for researching animal epidemic diseases.
Chen Hualan : She won the L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science in 2016, and was elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2017.
Bella Hadid : Hadid began dating Canadian singer The Weeknd at the beginning of 2015; the couple were first seen together in April at Coachella.
Bella Hadid : Isabella Khair Hadid (born October 9, 1996) is an American model.
Feng Ming-chu : Feng Ming-chu (born 22 July 1950) is a Taiwanese historian who served as Director of National Palace Museum from September 2012 to 20 May 2016.
Feng Ming-chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Zakharova : In 2016 she was chosen as one of BBC's 100 Women.
Maria Zakharova : On 7 November 2005, Zakharova married Andrei Makarov at the Russian Consulate in New York City.
Maria Zakharova : Maria Vladimirovna Zakharova ( ; born 24 December 1975) is the Director of the Information and Press Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation (Spokeswoman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation) from 10 August 2015.
Lin Mun-lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Henriette Reker : Henriette Reker (born 9 December 1956) is a German lawyer and independent politician.
Erika Matsuo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sairi Ito : While only nine years old and without any acting experience, she attracted attention for playing an adult turned into a child.
Sijue Wu : Sijue Wu (; born May 15, 1964) is a Chinese-American mathematician who works as the Robert W. and Lynne H. Browne Professor of Mathematics at the University of Michigan.
Kate Liu : On October 20, 2015 she won the third prize (bronze medal) and the Polish Radio Award for the best performance of mazurka in the 17th International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw, Poland.
Fuka Koshiba : In November 2011, Koshiba won the Grand Prix award at the 2011 Ion and Oscar Promotion Girl Audition.
Aase Winther : Aase Winther (née Aase Svendsen) is a former Danish badminton player.
Momoko Kikuchi : On June 22, 2020, Kikuchi announced that she has left Parfit Production and went independent.
Mika Sugisaki : After leaving SBC, she passed the audition for Cent Force.
Mika Sugisaki : Sugisaki later became the main caster in Fuji Television program "Mezanew" for eight years until September 30, 2011.
Yu Myeong-Hee : Yu Myeong-Hee (born 5 September 1954) is a South Korean microbiologist, currently serving as the president of Korea Federation of Women's Science & Technology Associations and a principle researcher at the Korea Institute of Science and Technology.
Yu Myeong-Hee : Her responsibilities included overseeing government communications regarding science and technology and to help promote low-carbon and green technologies.
Yu Myeong-Hee : Her work has appeared in "Nature", "The Journal of Proteome Research", the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America", the "Journal of Molecular Biology", the "Journal of Biological Chemistry", the "BMB Reports", and others.
Yu Myeong-Hee : Yu earned her Bachelor of Science degree in microbiology from Seoul National University in 1977 and her doctorate in microbiology from University of California, Berkeley in 1982.
Mao Yi : Mao Yi (; born 16 September 1999) is a Chinese artistic gymnast.
Wei Tingting : In 2012, Wei Tingting and Li Tingting participated in a Valentine's Day protest against domestic violence in Beijing.
Yoo Chae-ran : Yoo Chae-ran (born 7 November 1992 as Yoo Hae-won Hangul: 유해원) is a South Korean badminton player who joined the South Korea national badminton team in 2011.
Yoo Chae-ran : At the Asian Championships, she won women's doubles bronze medal in 2013 and silver medal in 2017.
Xiaosi : Lu Wei-luan (; born 1939), better known by her pen name Xiaosi (), is a Hong Kong essayist, educator, and scholar.
Rebecca George : Rebecca George married in 1991 and has two sons.
Suzuran Yamauchi : She has played from a young age and aimed to become a professional golf player in the future like her parents; Masahiro Kuramoto, a pro golfer who was partnered with her in a pro-am tournament in 2011, commented that she had the potential.
Zhou Chuchu : She made her film debut in Ocean Flame in 2008.
Zhou Chuchu : At a young age, she went to Beijing to become a singer, but quit eventually.
Zhou Chuchu : Zhou Chuchu (; born November 15, 1986) is a Chinese film and television actress.
Deniz Gamze Ergüven : Ergüven was pregnant while filming "Mustang" and gave birth to her son on 11 February 2015.
Deniz Gamze Ergüven : The film had its world premiere at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival on 13 September 2017, where it received extremely negative reviews.
Deniz Gamze Ergüven : Ergüven was born in Ankara, Turkey but moved to France in the 1980s.
Deniz Gamze Ergüven : Deniz Gamze Ergüven (born 4 June 1978) is a Turkish-French film director best known for her debut feature film "Mustang".
Zaira Wasim : On 30 June 2019, Wasim announced she would be leaving her acting career because it conflicted with her religious beliefs.
Zaira Wasim : Zaira Wasim (born 23 October 2000) is a former Indian actress who worked in Hindi films.
Zaira Wasim : The film, which narrated the story of pehlwani amateur wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat (Aamir Khan) who trains his two daughters Geeta (Wasim) and Babita (Suhani Bhatnagar) to become India's first world class female wrestlers, received positive reviews from critics and emerged as the highest-grossing Indian film of all time, earning more than ($ ) worldwide.
Huang Yaqiong : Huang Yaqiong (, born 28 February 1994) is a Chinese badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Mary Dye : Mary Lurintha "Lou" Dye (née Maycock; June 15, 1961) is an American politician of the Republican Party.
Janice Min : When Min was 13, she lied about her age, saying she was 14, to get a job at McDonald's.
Janice Min : Janice Min, the youngest of three children, was born in Atlanta, to Nungsun Min, an IRS agent, and Hong Min, a zoology professor turned businessman.
Qian Zhengying : Qian was also vice-minister and then Minister of Water Resources.
Qian Zhengying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alessia Cara : Her influences include Lauryn Hill, Amy Winehouse, Pink, Fergie, Drake, Ed Sheeran, and Taylor Swift.
David Hoff : David Hoff (born October 22, 1967) is an American ice-sledge hockey coach.
Hung Kai-chun : Hung Kai-chun (; born 4 March 1987) is a Taiwanese football player who plays as a midfielder for the Taiwan Power Company.
Omowunmi Sadik : She received her bachelor's degree in chemistry from the University of Lagos in 1985, and went on to receive her master's degree in chemistry in 1987.
Maya Parnas : Maya Ivanovna Parnas ( , ; born 15 May 1974 in Tiraspol, Moldavian SSR) is a Transnistrian politician and was the former acting Prime Minister of Transnistria, temporarily replacing Tatiana Turanskaya, who was focusing on running in the 2015 elections.
Zhang Qiang : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Juliana Awada : Awada was born in Villa Ballester on 3 April 1974, the daughter of Ibrahim Awada, a Lebanese Muslim immigrant native of Baalbek, and Elsa Esther "Pomi" Baker, of Syrian descent.
Juliana Awada : María Juliana Awada (born 3 April 1974) is the former First Lady of Argentina, from 2015 until 2019.
Juliana Awada : On December 10, 2015, Awada accompanied her husband during his inauguration as President.
Park Bo-ram : In 2010, her father died and on October 3, 2017, her mother died due to an illness.
Lee Jin-ah : Lee Jin-ah (born March 16, 1991) is a South Korean singer-songwriter signed under Antenna.
Guo Li : Guo Li (, born 11 May 1993) is a Chinese competitor in synchronised swimming.
Tang Mengni : Tang Mengni (, born 8 April 1994) is a Chinese competitor in synchronised swimming.
Zeng Zhen : Zeng Zhen (, born 28 November 1993 in Chengdu) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.
Yin Chengxin : Yin Chengxin (, born 5 February 1995) is a Chinese competitor in synchronised swimming.
Xiao Yanning : Xiao Yanning (, born 23 February 1998) is a Chinese competitor in synchronised swimming.
Yu Lele : Yu Lele (, born 22 March 1989) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.
Roxanne Tong : Roxanne Tong Lok Man () is a Hong Kong actress, television host, model, and former beauty pageant contestant.
Gabriela Stoeva : Gabriela Stoeva ( ; born 15 July 1994) is a Bulgarian badminton player specializing in doubles.
Jung Eun-sun : Jung Eun-sun (Korean:  ; born (1973--)06 1973 ) is a retired South Korean volleyball player.
Chinami Hashimoto : Hashimoto became interested in acting, while watching a concert held by the cast for the anime series "Di Gi Charat".
Priscilla Chan : On August 28, 2017, Chan gave birth to their second daughter, whom they named August.
Priscilla Chan : Chan and Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter Maxima Chan Zuckerberg on December 1, 2015.
Priscilla Chan : Her charitable goals focus on education, healthcare, and science, which are closely tied to her personal background.
Priscilla Chan : Zuckerberg and Chan have pledged about $4.6 billion to charities, including a donation of $75 million to San Francisco General Hospital, where Chan worked.
Angela Nicole Walker : In 2014, Walker ran against incumbent Democrat and Fox News pundit David A. Clarke Jr. During her campaign for sheriff in Milwaukee, Walker called for an end to mass incarceration, evictions and anti-immigrant policing.
Angela Nicole Walker : Angela Nicole Walker (born January 19, 1974) is an American activist, professional driver, and labor organizer.
Vivian Sung : On 28 November 2020, Sung started her YouTube channel where she’s posted videos with her celebrity friends like Marcus Chang, Bruce Hung, and Simon Lian.
Vivian Sung : After appearing in two movies, Sung appeared in the TVBS television series "Taste of Love" as the lead actress, in which she played a tour guide overly obsessed with good food.
Vivian Sung : The first season aired on Youku on 9 September 2016, and concluded with the second season on 1 January 2017.
Hafiz Faizal : Hafiz Faizal (born 23 September 1994) is an Indonesian badminton player who affiliate with Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.
Yui Sakuma : Sakuma was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on March 10, 1995.
Xie Fang : Xie was born in Huangpi, Hubei, China and grew up in Shanghai.
Suzanne Wu : On 23 August 2017, she resigned from the chair and withdrew from the Labour Party.
Suzanne Wu : On 13 December 2015, she replaced Lee Cheuk-yan as the chairwoman of the Labour Party after defeating two other candidates with about 60% support.
Suzanne Wu : She is also a founding member of the Labour Party.
Suzanne Wu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Suzanne Wu : She later went to England with a scholarship and studied at the University of Warwick with a master's degree in Gender and International Development.
Han Mi-seul : Han Mi-seul (born 13 August 1993) is a South Korean handball player for Wonderful Samcheok and the South Korean national team.
Sun Mengying : Sun Mengying (born 11 April 1990) is a Chinese handball player for Shanghai and the Chinese national team.
Katie Meili : Catherine Michelle "Katie" Meili (born April 16, 1991) is a former American competitive swimmer, who won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the 100 meter breaststroke and a gold medal for swimming the preliminary heats of the 4 × 100-meter medley relay.
Hazrat Shah : Hazrat Shah (born 10 March 1995) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Hyderabad.
Yin Yicui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yin Yicui : Yin is a graduate of East China Normal University, where she received her bachelor's degree in 1982 and master's degree in 1995.
Yuuna Sugiyama : On September 22, 2015, Sugiyama's CD debut was "Kama tte Yo!
Yuuna Sugiyama : Her favorite food is Inari roll and sushi.
Yuuna Sugiyama : From March 28, 2011, to March 27, 2015, she became the fifth-generation One-san in the NHK Educational TV series, "Inai Inai Baa!".
Mariya Litovskaya : Mariya Arkadevna Litovskaya, "née" Yeremeyeva ( ; b. October 25, 1958) is a Soviet and Russian philologist, literary critic, Professor of the Ural Federal University, one of the leading scholars at the Institute of History and Archaeology under the Russian Academy of Sciences (Ural Department).
Disha Patani : Patani found her commercial break with Neeraj Pandey's "", a biographical sports film based on the life story of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, the former captain of the Indian Cricket Team along with Sushant Singh Rajput and Kiara Advani.
Arthur Henrique : Arthur Henrique Peixoto Santos, also known simply as Arthur Henrique (born 17 May 1994) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Left back for Gil Vicente.
Miki Yanagi : Miki Yanagi was born in Osaka Prefecture on August 24, 1997.
Miki Yanagi : In 2016, Yanagi debuted as an actress, with her first leading role in the 2016 Super Sentai series "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger" as Sela.
Dua Lipa : She performed at the awards ceremony held on 21 February at the O2 Arena in London.
Dua Lipa : It was reported that Lipa would be releasing collaborations with other artists coming out later in 2018, such as one with Mark Ronson and Diplo's newly formed superduo Silk City.
Kelly Rohrbach : In 2019, she married attorney and Walton family heir Steuart Walton.
Kelly Rohrbach : She is the daughter of Anne (née Wholly) and Clay Rohrbach, a financier.
Kelly Rohrbach : Rohrbach had small roles in the TV series "Two and a Half Men", "The New Normal", "Rizzoli & Isles", "Broad City", and "Rush".
Kelly Rohrbach : She played golf for Greenwich and earned an athletic scholarship to Georgetown University to play golf for the Georgetown Hoyas.
Kelly Rohrbach : She appeared in the 2015 "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue, and was named its "Rookie of the Year".
Kelly Rohrbach : Kelly Rohrbach (born January 21, 1990) is an American actress and model, best known for her role as C. J. Parker in the film "Baywatch".
Zoe Tay : Zoe Tay (born 10 January 1968) is a Singaporean actress , a former model and was named as "Queen of Caldecott Hill" by local media and fellow referred to as "Ah Jie" (senior actress) due to her status.
Chin Jung-kwon : Chin Jung-kwon (born April 27, 1963) is a South Korean aesthetician, critic and professor.
Nadia Murad : In August 2018, Murad became engaged to fellow Yazidi human rights activist Abid Shamdeen.
Nadia Murad : Nadia Murad Basee Taha ( ; born 1993) is an Iraqi Yazidi human rights activist who lives in Germany.
Iselin Solheim : In late 2015 and early 2016, her vocals were uncredited on Alan Walker's EDM songs "Faded" and "Sing Me to Sleep".
Iselin Solheim : At that time Solheim met Jesper Borgen together with her former manager Hilde Wahl from Bisi Music to test out a new partnership.
Sylvia Ng : Sylvia was Malaysia's Sportswoman of the Year twice in 1975 & 1978.
Sylvia Ng : Sylvia Ng Meow Eng (born 24 September 1949 in Johor Bahru) is a former badminton player from Malaysia.
Ng May Ying : Ng May Ying was a committee member of the Cantonese Opera Development Fund Advisory Committee from August 2013 to July 2017.
Ng May Ying : The other three are namely Chan Ho Kau 陳好逑, Wan Fei Yin 尹飛燕 and Nam Feng 南鳳.
Ng May Ying : She ever served on the Administrative Committee of The Chinese Artists Association of Hong Kong for three terms (from 1984-1986, 1990-1992, and 1992-1994).
Ng May Ying : Ng May Ying acted in 5 plays with Yuen Siew Fai, namely “The Red Shoe and Headless Body” 《紅菱巧破無頭案》， “Madam White Snake” 《白蛇傳》, “Bound Feet Lau Kam Ding Battling at the Fort” 《紮腳劉金定斬四門》, “White Dragon Fortress” 《白龍關》& “The Hero & Madame Wild Rose” 《英雄掌上野荼薇》.
Ng May Ying : She has performed overseas in countries like U.S.A., Canada, England, Australia, Japan, China, Singapore, Macau, etc.
Christine Fong : After she graduated from the University of Hawaii with a bachelor's degree in Business Administration, she obtained the qualification of a building engineer and worked as secretary of Cheung Yan-lung, a powerful rural leader.
Aaajiao : aaajiao (aka.Xu Wenkai) (), is the online handle of Xu Wenkai, a Shanghai- and Berlin-based artist, avid blogger and free thinker.
Aaajiao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Shuqin : Huang Shuqin was born September 9th, 1939 in Shanghai, China, to film director Huang Zuolin, a well-known playwright who had studied in England during the 1920s, and Jin Yunzhi.
Huang Shuqin : "Woman, Demon, Human" was widely acclaimed by critics, receiving grand prizes at the Brasilia and Santa Barbara International Film Festivals, as well as a nomination for Best Directing and win for Best Writing (both for Huang) at the 8th Golden Rooster Awards.
Byun Jin-sub : Byun Jin-sub (; born May 19, 1966) is a South Korean singer.
Zheng Xiaoying : Zheng Xiaoying (; born 1929) is the first woman conductor in China.
Zheng Xiaoying : Zheng first studied at Jingling Women's University in Nanjing in 1947.
Hung Tzu-yung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Leah Dou : In 2011, Dou formed her first band and became the lead singer.
Leah Dou : In 2012, she released her first song "With You".
Leah Dou : Dou has two half sisters, Li Yan ( ), the daughter of her mother Faye Wong and her stepfather Li Yapeng, and Dou Jiayuan ( ), the daughter of her father Dou Wei and her stepmother Gao Yuan ( ).
Yang Chiung-ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yang Chiung-ying : She was first elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1998, and served until 2016, when she was defeated by Hung Tzu-yung.
Lin Li-chan : Lin was named as a candidate for the 2016 legislative election in November 2015.
Lin Li-chan : To improve her fluency in Mandarin, she obtained a master's degree in non-profit organization management at National Chi Nan University.
Lin Li-chan : Prior to her political career, Lin was engaged in volunteer work for many causes, including the Taiwan New Immigrant Development and Exchange Association.
Lin Li-chan : Lin Li-chan (; Khmer: លីន លីចាន់; born 2 October 1977) is a Taiwanese politician of Cambodian descent.
Su Chiao-hui : She then obtained her Master of Laws and Doctor of Juridical Science from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Kjerstin Askholt : Askholt was the deputy director of Bredtveit Prison from 1990 to 1991, deputy director of the Ministry of Justice from 1996 to 1999, and was from 2003, deputy under-secretary of state at the Polar Department of the Ministry of Justice.
Zhang Yihe : In January 2007, Wu Shulin, the deputy director of the General Administration of Press and Publications, had read out a list of books that "violated regulations."
Zhang Yihe : Those narrated include key players in the early establishment of the People's Republic, including Shi Liang, the minister of justice and deputy chairman of the standing committee of the National People's Congress; Chu Anping, editor-in-chief of the "Guangming Daily"; Pan Su and husband Zhang Boju (not to be confused with Zhang Yihe's father Zhang Bojun), a scholar and director of the Beijing Zhongshan Calligraphy and Painting Society; Luo Yufeng, the daughter of the late-Qing reformist intellectual Kang Youwei, Nie Gannu, a renowned writer and member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference; and Luo Longji, the minister of forestry and a member of the standing committee of the CPPCC.
Kawlo Iyun Pacidal : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kawlo Iyun Pacidal : Kawlo Iyun Pacidal (; born 9 April 1977 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese politician and former TV presenter.
Lee El : Lee El (born Kim Ji-hyun on August 26, 1982) is a South Korean actress.
Justine Kasa-Vubu : Justine M'Poyo Kasa-Vubu (born 14 April 1951) is a Congolese politician and leader of a small political party, the Movement of the Congolese Democrats ("Mouvement des démocrates congolais"), for whom she stood as a Presidential candidate in the 2006 elections.
Rosanda Mok : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rosanda Mok : She joined the Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood (ADPL), a local-based pro-grassroots pro-democratic party and was first elected to the Kowloon City District Council through Ma Tau Wai in the 1999 District Council election and re-elected for three times until she was unseated by the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB) newcomer Terence Siu Tin-hung in the 2015 election with a narrow margin of 45 votes.
Pavel Prokudin : Pavel Nikolaevich Prokudin (Russian: ; ; ; born 17 August 1966) is a former Prime Minister of Transnistria.
Huang Han : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Han : Huang Han (; born June 22, 1966) is a Chinese psychologist best known for her participation as a guest on the acclaimed television dating show "If You are the One".
Malina Weissman : Malina Opal Weissman (born March 12, 2003) is a German-American actress and model, best known for her roles as Violet Baudelaire in the Netflix series "A Series of Unfortunate Events", young April O'Neil in "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and young Kara Zor-El in "Supergirl".
Vivienne Hu : As a teenager, she moved to Germany to study at the University of Hohenheim and Goethe-Institut, earning a bachelor's degree in finance studies.
An Ye-seul : An Ye-seul (; born October 28, 1995) is a South Korean singer.
Nadya Melati : Nadya Melati (born 3 December 1986) is a badminton player from Indonesia specializing in doubles.
Anneke Feinya Agustin : Anneke Feinya Agustin (born 11 August 1991) is a former badminton player from Indonesia specializing in doubles.
Cao Keqiang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cao Keqiang : Cao was Ambassador of the People's Republic of China to Syria (1968–1974), Dominion of Ceylon now Sri Lanka (1969–1970), Sweden (1979–1982), Djibouti (1982–1983) and France (1983–1986).
Su Yunying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Su Yunying : Su Yunying (; born 8 April 1991), also known as Sue Su, is a Chinese singer-songwriter of Li ethnicity.
Su Yunying : Su rose to prominence in 2015 on Sing My Song, performing her own written debut song called "Yezi" (, which could be translated as "The Wild") and won second place.
Ana Ligia Mixco Sol de Saca : Mixco, the daughter of Ana María Sol de Mixco and José Mauricio Mixco Orellana, was born on December 1, 1961, in Santa Tecla, La Libertad Department, El Salvador.
Émilie Andéol : Émilie Andéol (born 30 October 1987) is a French judoka competing in the women's +78 kg division.
Mao Daichi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vanessa Neo : Vanessa Neo Yu Yan (born 19 June 1987) is a badminton player from Singapore specializing in doubles.
Vanessa Neo : She represented Singapore in 2014 Commonwealth Games, where she won a bronze medal in the team competition.
Zeng Yanfen : On January 18, 2014, Zeng attended the Red vs White Concert.
Zeng Yanfen : On July 29, during SNH48's fourth General Election, Zeng came in sixth with 111145.9 votes.
Grace Gabriel : Grace Gabriel Ofodile (born 25 June 1988) is a Nigerian badminton player.
Mitsu Dan : Dan married manga artist in November 2019.
Chloe Birch : Chloe Francesca Hannah Birch (born 16 September 1995) is an English badminton player.
Miriam Sylla : On club level she played for Foppapedretti Bergamo in 2015–2017.
Miriam Sylla : She competed at the 2015 European Games in Baku, the 2015 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, the 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Anne Elizabeth : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ou Dongni : Ou Dongni (; born 7 February 1993) is a badminton player from China.
Olga Gorodetskaya : Olga Gorodetskaya, also known as Kuo Ching-yun, is a Taiwan (Republic of China)-based historian, known mostly for her research into early Chinese history and archaeology.
Olga Gorodetskaya : In 2003 she went to Taiwan, where she had several small-time jobs at first: working at the National Palace Museum; as a visiting scholar in the Center for Chinese Studies at the National Central Library of Taiwan; as a postdoctoral researcher at the Institute of History; as an associate professor at Huafan University; as a visiting fellow at Academia Sinica; and in different positions at other schools.
Mary Fernández : In 1998, Fernández joined MentorNet, an organization that matches mentors with STEM students and helps them develop mentoring relationships.
Na Hyun-jung : Na Hyun-jung (born ) is a South Korean female volleyball player.
Zhu Xun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhu Xun : Zhu Xun (, born September 7, 1973) is a Chinese television host.
Alexandra Elbakyan : Elbakyan has stated that she is inspired by communist ideals, although she does not consider herself a strict Marxist.
Alexandra Elbakyan : Alexandra Asanovna Elbakyan ( , born 1988) is a Kazakhstani computer programmer and creator of the website Sci-Hub, which provides free access to research papers without regard to copyright.
Lee Ha-jin : She was promoted to 4 dan in 2016.
Lee Ha-jin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wan Shaofen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wan Shaofen : On 16 June 1985, she was elected by the Jiangxi Party Congress as the Provincial Party Committee Secretary.
Lee So-jin : Lee So-Jin (born (1987--)28 1987 ) is a South Korean female volleyball player.
Wang Mengjie : Wang Mengjie (; born (1995--)14 1995 ) is a Chinese female volleyball player.
Paola Egonu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Paola Egonu : She participated at the 2018 Montreux Volley Masters, 2018 FIVB Volleyball World Championship, and 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Ri Sun-jong : Ri Sun-jong (born (1990--)19 1990 ) is a retired North Korean female volleyball player, playing as a middle blocker.
Ri Sun-jong : She was part of the North Korea women's national volleyball team.
Hao Jianxiu : In 1978, she was appointed Vice Minister of Textile Industry and Vice Chairwoman of the All-China Women's Federation, and promoted to full minister in 1981.
Kiiara : In 2013, Kiiara independently released an acoustic pop single called "Bring Me Back" under her real name.
Kim Se-jeong : Kim Se-jeong was born in Gimje, North Jeolla Province, but moved to Anyang, Gyeonggi where she stayed with her mother and older brother at her aunt's house.
Vivian Qu : In 2017, her second directing feature "Angels Wear White" was entered into the main competition section of the 74th Venice International Film Festival and later won her a Golden Horse Award for Best Director in Taiwan.
Ma Chia-ling : On May 25, 2020, Ma announced her agency transfer from AKS to JPEG, Co. Ltd., as well as the launching of her YouTube channel.
Kenta Kazuno : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Kazushi Yamada : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Amelia Alicia Anscelly : Amelia Alicia Anscelly (born 26 April 1988) is a Malaysian badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Soong Fie Cho : Soong Fie Cho ( ; born 5 January 1989) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Andrea Pereira : Andrea Pereira Cejudo (born 19 September 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defender for FC Barcelona and the Spain women's national team.
Vytautas V. Landsbergis : Studied at Vilnius University in the philology faculty, finished Lithuanian studies.
Vytautas V. Landsbergis : Vytautas V. Landsbergis (born 25 May 1962 in Vilnius): Lithuanian writer, journalist, director of films and theater, children's book writer, son of Vytautas Landsbergis and father of Gabrielius Landsbergis.
Hind bint Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Betty Lee Sung : Betty Lee Sung (born October 3, 1924) is an activist, author, and professor emeritus of City University of New York (CUNY).
Wu Chaomei : Wu Chaomei (born (1989--)11 1989 ) is a Chinese female track cyclist.
Karen Yu : She was listed eighth on the Democratic Progressive Party's proportional representation ballot during the 2016 legislative elections and won an at-large seat in the Legislative Yuan.
Zhang Lina : On March 27 2011, Zhang Lina won 2011 Anselme Payen award as a professor of Wuhan University and the first Chinese won this award.
Wang Zhizhen : She was elected academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in November 2001.
Wang Zhizhen : Wang Zhizhen (; born July 6, 1942 in Suzhou Jiangsu), also known as Chih-Chen Wang, is a Chinese biophysicist and professor at the Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Eva Husson : Eva Husson is a French film director and screenwriter.
Jodie Comer : In December 2018, British "Vogue" included Comer in their list of "The Most Influential Girls of 2018", and in February 2019 "Forbes" included her in their annual "30 Under 30" list for being in the top 30 most influential people in the entertainment industry in Europe under the age of 30.
Xiao Meili : Xiao cites Simone de Beauvoir's "The Second Sex" as a strong influence in shaping her activist work.
Xiao Meili : In early 2018, Xiao participated in activism to combat sexual harassment faced by women using public transportation.
Xiao Meili : Xiao Meili (born 1989) is a Chinese women's rights activist, feminist, writer, and influencer.
Emily Temple-Wood : She began medical school at Chicago's Midwestern University in the fall of 2016.
Emily Temple-Wood : Emily Temple-Wood (born May 24, 1994) is an American Wikipedia editor who goes by the name of Keilana on the site.
Emily Temple-Wood : She was declared a joint recipient of the 2016 Wikipedian of the Year award, by Jimmy Wales, at Wikimania on June 24, 2016.
Katherine Maher : After high school, Maher graduated from the Arabic Language Institute's Arabic Language Intensive Program of The American University in Cairo in 2003, which she said was a formative experience that instilled a deep love of the Middle East.
Katherine Maher : From 2011 to 2013, Maher worked at the World Bank as an ICT innovation specialist and consulted on technology for international development and democratization, working on ICT for accountability and governance with a focus on the role of mobile phones and other technologies in facilitating civil society and institutional reform, particularly in the Middle East and Africa.
Katherine Maher : Maher became interim executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation in March 2016 following the resignation of executive director Lila Tretikov and was appointed executive director in June 2016.
Katherine Maher : Katherine Roberts Maher ( ; born April 18, 1983) is the chief executive officer and executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation, a position she has held since June 2016.
Li Yinhui : Li Yinhui (; born 11 March 1997) is a Chinese badminton player.
Chen Qingchen : Chen Qingchen (born 23 June 1997) is a Chinese badminton player.
Chen Qingchen : In 2017, she was awarded as the BWF Best Female Player of the Year, after came to Dubai World Superseries Finals as the first seeded both in women's and mixed doubles, and also won the women's doubles gold and mixed doubles silver medals at the 2017 BWF World Championships in Glasgow, Scotland.
Jia Yifan : Jia Yifan (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born 29 June 1997) is a Chinese badminton player.
Jia Yifan : She won gold medals at the 2017 World Championships, 2018 Asian Games and at the 2019 Asian Championships.
Huang Dongping : Huang Dongping (; born 20 January 1995) is a Chinese badminton player.
Zhao Jiamin : On 26 July 2014, Zhao garnered 11,079 votes during the 2014 General Election and was ranked third.
Zhao Jiamin : Zhao Jiamin (; born July 22, 1998 in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China) is a Chinese idol singer.
He Bingjiao : He Bingjiao (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born 21 March 1997) is a Chinese badminton player.
Saena Kawakami : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Bu Hua : The daughter of a well-known printblock artist, Bu had an early introduction to art and in 1983, when only 10 years old, her painting "Sun Bird Flower and I" was selected by the China Post and issued as a stamp as part of a "children's paintings election" (special stamp T86).
Yao Xue : Yao Xue (, born 17 January 1991) is a Chinese badminton player.
Han Hye-yong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Han Hye-yong : Han Hye-yong (] or ] ] ; born (1985--)4 1985 ) is a female North Korean football goalkeeper.
Han Hye-yong : She was part of the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Shen Yaying : Shen Yaying (; born 17 January 1994) is a Chinese badminton player.
Shen Yaying : She was the champion of the 2015 Brasil Open Grand Prix tournament in the women's singles event.
Pai Yu-po : Pai Yu-po (; born 18 April 1991) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Rawinda Prajongjai : Rawinda Prajongjai ( ; born 29 June 1993) is a Thai badminton player.
Hwang Hye-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ko Eun-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ying Lu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shiho Onodera : She was a member of Japan for 1995, 1999, 2003 World Cup, 1996 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Yu Zhiying : Yu Zhiying (; born 23 November 1997) is a Chinese professional go player and, as of 14   2018 , the highest ranked Chinese female player with an ELO rating of 3309.
Yu Zhiying : In 2015 she won her first international, the 6th Bingsheng Cup.
Émilie Lefel : Émilie Lefel (born 25 August 1988) is a French badminton player.
Cao Cuifen : She was admitted to the Beijing Film Academy prep school in 1960 and the undergraduate program in 1962.
Yusra Mardini : After the motor stopped working and the dinghy began to take on water in the Aegean Sea, Yusra, her sister, Sara, and two other people who were able to swim got into the water and treaded water for over 3 hours until the engine started working again, and the group reached Lesbos.
Yusra Mardini : She was a member of the Refugee Olympic Athletes Team (ROT), that competed under the Olympic flag at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Rena Takeda : She was an exclusive model in "Popteen" from February 2014 to April 2016.
Rena Takeda : Rena Takeda was born in Iwaki, Fukushima in 1997.
Kae Nishina : She was also a member of Japan for 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics.
Patsy Reddy : Dame Patricia Lee Reddy {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 17 May 1954) is a New Zealand lawyer and businesswoman serving as the governor-general of New Zealand, in office since 2016.
Nguyễn Thị Phương Thảo : Nguyễn Thị Phương Thảo became a millionaire at age 21 while studying finance and economics in Moscow, where she began distributing fax machines, plastic and rubber from Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea in the then Soviet Union.
Nguyễn Thị Phương Thảo : After she took VietJet Air public in February 2017, she became Vietnam's first self-made woman billionaire, second billionaire overall (after Phạm Nhật Vượng) and Southeast Asia's only female billionaire.
Nguyễn Thị Phương Thảo : Nguyễn Thị Phương Thảo (born June 7, 1970) is a Vietnamese businesswoman, and the President and CEO of VietJet Air, President of Sovico Group and Vice President of HDBank.
Lily Franky : In 2016, Franky received the Cut Above Award for Outstanding Performance in Film at Japan Cuts: Festival of New Japanese Film in New York.
Joanne Leung : Joanne Leung Wing-yan is the first openly transgender politician in Hong Kong.
Joanne Leung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Delphine Lansac : Delphine Lansac (born 18 July 1995) is a French badminton player.
Shirley Kuo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shirley Kuo : Kuo earned a doctorate in economics from Kobe University in Japan after receiving bachelor's and master's degrees from National Taiwan University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, respectively.
Huang Yuxiang : Huang Yuxiang (; born 25 January 1993) is a Chinese badminton player
Abdullah Al-Salman : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Papi Jiang : In July 2016 her first live broadcast, a 90-minute video, attracted 74 million views in one day.
Papi Jiang : Jiang Yilei (; born February 17, 1987), known as the online moniker Papi Jiang () is a Chinese comedian known for her comedy on video blogs, where she pokes fun at everyday topics including entertainment news, dating and family relationships.
Esther Veronin : On 29 May 2015, Veronin's mother died after collapsing from a cardiac stress test.
Esther Veronin : Veronin is an outspoken participant in feminist and LGBT issues, having participated in many women-powered events in Taiwan.
Esther Veronin : As CEO and Co-founder of Meimeiwawa, Veronin also takes on the roles of screenwriting, directing, editing, and producing various visual content put forth by the company.
Esther Veronin : Esther Veronin (born 11 March 1987), is a Russian-Taiwanese-American director, singer, actress and CEO of entertainment startup Meimeiwawa Multimedia.
Esther Veronin : From 2014 to 2015, both Veronin sisters sang regularly at "Brown Sugar", a jazz club in Taipei, where they performed a medley of both Taiwanese and Western music.
Esther Veronin : In 2018, Veronin wrote, directed, and produced her first feature-length film, ""Tomorrow's Star"", which starred her sister Lara and combined the music from Lara's third solo album ""Thousand-Faced Beast"" into a cinematic visual album.
Aina Suzuki : After arriving in Tokyo, Aina entered the International Media Institute (a voice actor training center associated with IAM Agency).
Aina Suzuki : A turning point came when, in her 3rd year of high school, she became a finalist (and one of the best 3 in the nationals) of the 7th All-Japan Anisong Grand Prix.
Huang Tingting : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maryna Viazovska : As a student at Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, she competed at the International Mathematics Competition for University Students in 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005, and was one of the first-place winners in 2002 and 2005.
Maryna Viazovska : Previously, the problem had been solved only for three or fewer dimensions, and the proof of the three-dimensional version (the Kepler conjecture) involved long computer calculations.
Bu Xiaolin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bu Xiaolin : She is the daughter of Buhe, a former chairman of Inner Mongolia, and the granddaughter of Ulanhu, the founding chairman of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and a Vice President of China.
Jack Rader : Jack Rader is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 176th House district in Monroe County, Pennsylvania.
Sun Xueling : Sun is married with two daughters.
Sun Xueling : She served as the Senior Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry for Home Affairs and Ministry for National Development from 1 May 2018 to 26 July 2020.
Sun Xueling : Sun graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Social Sciences in Economics and completed her Master of Science in International Political Economy with Merit from the London School of Economics and Political Science.
Yulianna Karaulova : After the ""Fabrika Zvyozd"," she studied in London for half a year, while occasionally working as an editor for the "Yes!"
Yulianna Karaulova : On September 20, 2015, Karaulova announced her departure from ""5sta Family" to" begin a solo career.
Yulianna Karaulova : In 2003, Yulianna got ranked second in the ""Person of the Year"" competition organized by teen magazine, "Yes!".
Yulianna Karaulova : In 2014, Yulianna Karaulova graduated from the producer faculty Gnessin State Musical College, having previously graduated from the faculty of pop-jazz vocal academy.
Yulianna Karaulova : During 4 years of staying there, the band recorded several hits and won a number of prestigious nominations and awards, including ""Golden Gramophone 2013"".
Kylie Stone : Kylie Anne Stone (born 16 May 1987) is a Canadian female artistic gymnast, representing her nation at international competitions.
Abdullah Al-Saleh : Abdullah Al-Saleh ( ; born 15 January 1988) is a Saudi professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Saudi Arabian club Al-Ettifaq.
Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr : Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr ( ; born 2 December 1952) is a Yemeni politician and former Prime Minister of Yemen from 4 April 2016 to 15 October 2018 as part of the internationally recognized Aden.
Naomi Ōzora : In June 2012, she made her voice actor debut as a child in "Saint Seiya Omega".
Naomi Ōzora : After that, she spent time in Osaka Prefecture from elementary school, but once lived in Shikoku.
Regina Leung : In 1983, she received the qualifications to practice law in Hong Kong until she retired in 1999.
Lin Hsi-yao : Lin studied civil engineering at National Taiwan University, where he earned a bachelor's and master's degree in the subject in 1983 and 1990, respectively.
Lin Hsi-yao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Barbara Wilson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penny Oleksiak : The rest of the family also has an athletic tradition: her father, Richard, is from Buffalo, New York and played basketball, football and field athletics and her mother held multiple Scottish Age Group swimming records in freestyle and backstroke.
Lin Wenyi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Wenyi : Lin Wenyi (; born September 1944) is a Chinese engineer and politician.
Lin Wenyi : After her stint in Xinjiang ended in 1973, she began working for the Chinese Academy of Sciences as a physicist.
Enako : Enako commenced her involvement in cosplay together with a friend who invited her after becoming interested in 2007 in the anime television "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya" and "Rozen Maiden".
Kylie Masse : Masse won gold in the 100 m backstroke at the 2015 Summer Universiade and was the 2015-16 CIS swimmer of the year while swimming at the University of Toronto.
Chen Mei-ling : Chen obtained her bachelor's degree in law from National Chengchi University (NCCU) in 1980, master's degree in law from National Taiwan University in 1984 and returned to NCCU for a doctoral degree in law in 1995.
Cheng Li-chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cheng Li-chun : Cheng obtained her bachelor's degree in philosophy from National Taiwan University in 1992 and master's degree in philosophy, politics, economics and sociology from Paris West University Nanterre La Défense in France.
Frankie Adams : In 2016, she was cast as "Martian Marine Corps gunnery sergeant" Bobbie Draper as part of the main cast in the second season of the U.S. sci-fi television series "The Expanse", a role she has continued through the fifth season.
Frankie Adams : Frankie Adams (born 3 January 1994) is a Samoan New Zealand actress, best known for her roles as Bobbie Draper in the science fiction television series "The Expanse" and as Ula Levi in the prime-time soap opera "Shortland Street".
Fei Qinyuan : On July 29, 2017, during SNH48's fourth General Election, Fei came in 40th with 20614.0 votes.
Choo Mi-ae : Choo Mi-ae (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born 23 October 1958) is a South Korean politician served as the Minister of Justice as well as five-term parliamentarian of Democratic Party.
Choo Mi-ae : When then-candidate Moon got elected as the President of South Korea during her term, she became the first woman to be the leader of a ruling party.
Hannah Alper : Hannah Alper currently resides in Richmond Hill, Ontario.
Hannah Alper : Her key message is: "No matter how young you are, you can make a difference and you can be the change.
Hannah Alper : Alper launched her blog, CallMeHannah.ca, when she was nine years old.
Hannah Alper : Alper is a "Huffington Post" writer, and has given a TED talk on the topic "How to find your spark".
Angelique Rockas : In Greece she has played the lead role, Ms Ortiki in Thodoros Maragos's television series "Emmones Idees" with Vangelis Mourikis as Socratis.
Seo Young-kyo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Go-eun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Alice Arisugawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Auliʻi Cravalho : In February 2017, it was announced that she had been cast in the pilot for the NBC drama "Rise", which was ordered to series on May 4, 2017.
Auliʻi Cravalho : Cravalho has stated that she was initially not going to audition for "Moana" because "there were already so many great submissions over YouTube".
Auliʻi Cravalho : Cravalho was born in Kohala, Hawaii, to Cathleen Puanani Cravalho, of Native Hawaiian descent, and Dwayne Cravalho, of mixed Puerto Rican, Portuguese, Chinese, and Irish descent.
Kaede Hondo : In 2019, at the 13th Seiyu Awards, Hondo was one of the winners of the Best New Actresses award.
Kaede Hondo : She would then start auditioning for various acting and modelling jobs, but she did not initially consider voice acting as an option.
Kaede Hondo : In 2018, she played the roles of Kanami Etō in "Katana Maidens ~ Toji No Miko", Koyume Koizuka in "Comic Girls", Hitomi Mishima in "Hinamatsuri", Kohaku Tsukishiro in "" and Sakura Minamoto in "Zombie Land Saga".
Sayaka Senbongi : In 2015, she announced affiliation with I'm Enterprise.
Sayaka Senbongi : In 2017, she won the Best Rookie Actresses at the 11th Seiyu Awards.
Sayaka Senbongi : Kayokyoku" from October 2019 (2 hours from 3:00 AM to 5:00 AM) live broadcast program at midnight.
Sayaka Senbongi : On December 29, 2019, her agency announced in a statement that she and fellow voice actor Tasuku Hatanaka have gotten married.
Sayaka Senbongi : In 2016, she played the first main heroine in the anime series "Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress" as Mumei, and in October of the same year, she played Chitose Karasuma in "Girlish Number".
Sharon Peterson : Sharon Roberta Peterson (born November 27, 1942) is an American former volleyball player.
Sharon Peterson : She played for the United States national team at the 1964 Summer Olympics, the 1967 Pan American Games, and the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Regina Todorenko : Regina Todorenko was born 14 June 1990 in Odessa.
Regina Todorenko : Since January 2014 Todorenko is the host of the project "Oryol i Reshka".
Puttita Supajirakul : Puttita Supajirakul (; born 29 March 1996) is a Thai badminton player who competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Yezi : On 23 December 2015, Yezi released a promotional single titled "Z-Noid" for the game Counter-Strike Online and also filmed a music video.
Yezi : On 8 September, she released a single which called "Chase" with singer Babylon.
Yezi : Two of Yezi's performances were released as singles during the show: "Solo (Remix)" (featuring Jay Park and Loco) and "Listen Up" (featuring Hanhae).
Zindzi Mandela : She first arrived in Denmark in June 2015.
Zhou Jieqiong : Zhou Jieqiong (; Korean:  ; born December 16, 1998), known professionally as Jieqiong or Kyulkyung (in Korean), is a Chinese singer based in China and South Korea and signed under Pledis Entertainment.
Zhou Jieqiong : Zhou ranked sixth with an overall of 218,338 votes.
Angourie Rice : She also lived in Perth for five years and in Munich, Germany, for one year before moving back to Melbourne.
Angourie Rice : In 2018, Rice headlined the romantic drama "Every Day", and as Lisa in the Australian film adaptation of "Ladies in Black".
Alejandra Silva : In 2016 she was the cover model of "Hola!
Alejandra Silva : As of 2016, Silva continues her activism in nonprofit organization and supports The Rais Foundation for the Homeless.
Alejandra Silva : Alejandra María Silva García-Baquero (born 16 February 1983) is a Spanish publicist and political activist.
Alejandra Silva : In 2010 she participated in the Real Madrid Football Club Foundation African Initiative Project by creating soccer leagues as means of integrating underprivileged children to their local communities and promoting sports and its values amongst African families.
Coraline Ada Ehmke : Ehmke writes and records music and has released several albums under the name A Little Fire Scarecrow.
Coraline Ada Ehmke : She has also given a talk about her experiences titled "He Doesn't Work Here Anymore" at the Keep Ruby Weird, Alterconf, and Madison+ Ruby conferences.
Qiu Xinyi : Qiu was unveiled as a first-generation member of SNH48 during an SNH48 press conference on 14 October 2012.
Qiu Xinyi : On 31 January 2015, she performed during the SNH48 "Request Hour Setlist Best 30 2015".
Jo Woo-ri : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Mei-chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Mei-chu : Lin and ROC President Tsai Ing-wen are cousins.
Lin Mei-chu : In February 2017, she replaced Kuo Fang-yu as minister of labor.
Abdullah Ali : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Abdullah Ali : Abdullah Ali Mohammad Hassan Al-Bloushi (Arabic: عبد الله علي; born 21 February 1985) is an Emirati footballer who plays for Dibba Al-Fujairah as a midfielder .
Chen Hsiao-huan : Chen Hsiao-huan (; born 12 March 1987) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Marcela Temer : Marcela Tedeschi Araújo Temer (born 16 May 1983) is the wife of the 37th President of Brazil, Michel Temer, having served as the 36th First Lady of Brazil, from 31 August 2016 until 1 January 2019.
Yang Jen-ni : Yang Jen-ni () is a Director-General.
Colin McKinnon : Colin Graham McKinnon (born 29 August 1969) was a Scottish footballer who played for Falkirk, East Stirlingshire, Arbroath, Dumbarton, Stenhousemuir, Albion Rovers and Stirling Albion.
Dewi Chien : She is member of musical duo Dears.
Dewi Chien : Dewi Chien (born 9 March 1992) is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Chloe x Halle : In July 2019, Disney announced that Halle Bailey had been cast as Princess Ariel in the upcoming live-action remake of "The Little Mermaid", set to be directed by Rob Marshall.
Phạm Lê Thảo Nguyên : She is married to Nguyễn Ngọc Trường Sơn.
Phạm Lê Thảo Nguyên : Phạm Lê Thảo Nguyên (born December 7, 1987) is a Vietnamese chess player, and a woman grandmaster.
Seo Hye-lin : On January 15, 2020, Hyelin terminated her contact with Banana Culture and left the agency.
Seo Hye-lin : Seo Hye-lin (Hangul: 서혜린; born August 23, 1993), referred to as Hyelin, is a South Korean singer.
Seo Hye-lin : In April 2019, Hyelin opened her own YouTube channel ‘Jeul-Lin TV’ short for ‘Joy Full-Lin TV’.
Wong Chun Ho : In 2014, Wong joined Hong Kong Premier League club YFCMD.
Wong Chun Ho : Wong Chun Ho (, born 31 May 1990 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who currently plays as a right back or a defensive midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
Siu Chun Ming : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Siu Chun Ming : Siu Chun Ming (; born 27 December 1995 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays as an attacking midfielder and is currently a free agent.
Li Yat Chun : Li Yat Chun (; born 8 December 1995 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong Premier League club Rangers.
Lohaynny Vicente : Lohaynny Caroline de Oliveira Vicente (born 2 May 1996) is a Brazilian badminton player who has qualified to compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in her home city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Lee Ga-hyun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Ga-hyun : Lee Ga-hyun (born Kwak Ga-hyun on May 18, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Karena Ng : Ng started off in 2010 in an advertisement for Tempo tissue paper.
Đặng Thị Ngọc Thịnh : In this capacity she was the Acting President of Vietnam from the death of President Trần Đại Quang on 21 September 2018 until the election and swearing-in of his successor Nguyễn Phú Trọng on 23 October 2018.
Tang Anqi : Tang Anqi (唐安琪) is a Chinese singer and a member of Team NII of the Chinese idol girl group SNH48.
Minori Suzuki : After saving up money working part-time in her first year of high school, she began to take lessons at a voice acting school in Tokyo once a week.
Elizabeth Zimmerman : In August 2015, Zimmerman was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer.
Elizabeth Zimmerman : Elizabeth Abellana Zimmerman (born April 14, 1948) is a retired Filipina flight attendant and the former wife of the Philippine’s 16th President Rodrigo Duterte.
Waa Wei : She is a radio DJ of Hit FM (Taiwan)," OH Night DJ"(OH夜DJ) from 21:00 to 23:00 every weekday.
Lee Ji-hye : Lee Ji-hye (born January 11, 1980) is a South Korean singer and actress.
Laura Sárosi : Sárosi was born on 11 November 1992 in Budapest, Hungary.
Laura Sárosi : She beat Croatian Dorotea Sutara 21–8, 21–5 in the first round, before losing to Karin Schnaase of Germany, 21–16, 14–21, 18–21.
Ronald Yeung : Ying Hon Ronald Yeung (born 30 July 1988) is a Hong Kong former professional cyclist, who rode professionally between 2014 and 2017.
Doris Abele : Abele received the BIOMARIS (Biomaris Research Prize for Promoting Marine Sciences in the Federal State of Bremen) Award of the state of Bremen in 2013.
Doris Abele : From 2007-2009 she coordinated the IPY_ClicOPEN project of Climate Change Effects on Coastal Ecosystems at the Antarctic Peninsula.
Doris Abele : Abele received her Diploma in Biology from Düsseldorf University in 1984, followed by a PhD in marine biology and biochemistry in 1988.
Doris Abele : Abele's research interests lie in physiological ageing in ectotherms, the evolution of genes and genomes, the impact of climatic changes on Antarctic coastal benthos, and HIF-1 homologs in marine organisms.
Aiko Kaitou : Guest appearances
Aiko Kaitou : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aiko Kaitou : Kaitou mainly appeared on Fuji Television series.
Yoshimi Tendo : And from 1996 onwards, Yoshimi has performed for 21 years consecutively in the prestigious year-end show.
Yoshimi Tendo : She made her first NHK Red and White Song Festival performance in 1993, but was not selected to perform again until 1996, the year she released her biggest hit (珍島物語) and won the best singing award, establishing herself as one of the best female enka singer.
Virginia Raggi : In December 2017 she confirmed that she would not run for another term in 2021, according to an internal rule of her party that allows only two elected terms.
Virginia Raggi : Virginia Elena Raggi (] ; born 18 July 1978) is an Italian lawyer and politician serving as Mayor of Rome since 2016.
Georgia Woodward : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jacky Rosen : Rosen was elected to the U.S. Senate on November 6, 2018, defeating one-term Republican Dean Heller and become the junior Senator from Nevada since January 2019.
Ren Naying : Ren majored in English Language and Literature at Tsinghua University.
Ren Naying : While completing her undergraduate degree, she developed an interest in gender and queer theory, which led her to volunteer with NGOs such as the Beijing LGBT Center.
Seok Ha-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Siti Aisyah Alias : Siti Aisyah Alias was awarded Fellow of Science (FSc) by Academy of Sciences Malaysia (ASM) (2018) and the National Young Scientist Award, Ministry of Science, Technology and Environmental, Malaysia (2001), a Science and Technology Research Grant from the Toray Science Foundation (2005), and a Fellowship from the United Nations University, Tokyo, Japan, UNESCO, Paris (2008).
Siti Aisyah Alias : She is a National Delegate member for the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR) representing Malaysia, Committee Member for the Asian Forum on Polar Science (AFOPS) and a Task Force Member, Academy of Science Malaysia for the Malaysian Antarctic Program.
Hanneke Jagersma : It was reported in 2013 that she became member of the Socialist Party.
Hanneke Jagersma : Johanna "Hanneke" Jagersma (] ; born 1 November 1951) is a Dutch former politician.
Mitsuki Oishi : Oishi became a regular model for the magazine "ViVi" since the release of the June 2009 issue.
Linna Huynh : Linna Huynh (, born 1 January 1991) is a Canadian television presenter, actress and model currently based in Hong Kong under contract with TVB.
Linna Huynh : She is currently a TV host at TVB, hosting Think Big (天地), a children's game show, as well as lifestyle programme Dolce Vita, home interior design programme 安樂蝸 Own Sweet Home, and Big Big Beauty 今期流行, in addition to TVBi Entertainment News show 1周八爪娛.
Lilly King : I’m not a fan."
Lilly King : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Martin Giuffre : Martin Giuffre (born October 5, 1990 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian badminton player.
Yuko Araki : Araki became an exclusive model for the magazine "non-no" in 2014.
Yuko Araki : Her first leading film role was "Ikari o Nagero" in May 2008.
Yuko Araki : Araki was recruited when she was in elementary school.
Yuko Araki : Her first leading television drama role was the Fuji Television drama "Love Love Alien" in 2016.
Elkie Chong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elkie Chong : Chong made her solo debut with digital single "I Dream" on November 23, 2018.
Elkie Chong : On February 3, 2021, Cube Entertainment confirmed Elkie's departure from CLC, and her contract with the company has been terminated.
Elkie Chong : She was previously a child-actress under in Hong Kong’s TVB and has appeared on several television dramas.
Xian Hui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xian Hui : She was confirmed as government by the regional People's Congress on September 19, 2016.
Xian Hui : After university, she returned to her home province, and began working in the provincial United Front Work Department, where she would rise steadily through its career ladder and serve until 2005, eventually rising to head the old cadres bureau and the deputy head of the Gansu United Front Department.
Yu Mei-nu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yu Mei-nu : A member of the Democratic Progressive Party, she served in the Legislative Yuan from 2012 to 2020.
Guo Jianqiao : Guo Jianqiao (, born 20 July 1986) is a Chinese-born Hong Kong professional football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong Premier League club Kitchee.
Catherine Mardon : Catherine Mardon is a Canadian writer, activist, and lawyer.
Elva Ni : Ni announced that she got engaged on YouTube at 4 January 2019.
Elva Ni : She also devoted herself to developing films and television programs, her partners included various well-known international brands, television, the internet, newspapers, magazines and other media and all kinds of large-scale fashion activities, made a full commitment to her acting career, and is a unique artist.
Elva Ni : Elva Ni (: "Ní Chénxī" , born 15 August 1987) is a Hong Kong actress, model, television presenter, and yoga instructor.
Elva Ni : Ni is also a cosmetologist, and has 110,000 subscribers on her YouTube Beauty Travel Channel, and her highest CTR video has 250,000 clicks; in addition she has more than four years of yoga experience, obtaining different yoga instructor licenses, from time to time with different brands, taught yoga activities, shared and promoted healthy living and beauty with others and a positive attitude to life, and believed that they could both inside and outside.
Anita Chui : Anita Chui Pik Ka ( , born 27 May 1988) is a Hong Kong female actress, who is a former entertainer of Sun Entertainment Culture.
Anita Chui : https://alarcobyalba.com/2018/05/25/festival-de-cannes-2018-dia-3/
Anita Chui : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_1cs8UF4bs
Anita Chui : Her mother is a housewife, her sister is a psychiatric nurse, and her younger brother is a college student.
Song Hye-soo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Song Hye-soo : Song Hye-soo (born 27 August 1999) is a South Korean handball player for Incheon Business H.S and the South Korean national team.
Jung Ji-in : Jung Ji-in (Korean:  ; born 18 July 2000) is a South Korean handball player for the Korea National Sport University and the South Korean national team.
Jung Ji-in : In 2018 Jung took part in the 2018 IHF Junior World Handball Championship and achieved bronze medal.
Park Sae-young : Park Sae-young (born 11 August 1994) is a South Korean handball player for Gyeong and the South Korean national team.
Song Ji-young : Song Ji-young (born 6 June 1996) is a South Korean handball player for SK Sugar Gliders and the South Korean national team.
Kim Song-hye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liliana Segre : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liliana Segre : Conversazioni con tre donne sopravvissute ad Auschwitz" ("Like a frog in winter.
Liliana Segre : Segre is the fourth woman to hold such position, after Camilla Ravera, Rita Levi-Montalcini and Elena Cattaneo.
Liliana Segre : On 27 November 2008, the University of Trieste awarded Segre with an honorary degree in Law.
Liliana Segre : It was only in the early 1990s that she decided to interrupt her silence: since then she went to school assemblies and conferences to tell young people her story, also on behalf of the millions of others who shared it with her and who have never been able to communicate it.
Liliana Segre : On 19 January 2018, the 80th anniversary of the Italian Racial Laws, the President of the Italian Republic Sergio Mattarella, on the basis of article 59 subsection 2 of the Italian Constitution, appointed Segre as senator for life for outstanding patriotic merits in the social field.
Liliana Segre : Liliana Segre {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'OMRI', '4': "} (] ; born 10 September 1930) is an Italian Holocaust survivor, named Senator for life by President Sergio Mattarella in 2018 for outstanding patriotic merits in the social field.
Liliana Segre : In 2004 Segre was interviewed, together with Goti Herskovits Bauer and Giuliana Fiorentino Tedeschi, by Daniela Padoan in "Come una rana d'inverno.
Liliana Segre : Out of the 776 Italian children aged 14 or younger who were deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, only 35 survived.
Liliana Segre : In 2005 her story was retraced with more details in a book-interview by Emanuela Zuccalà, "Sopravvissuta ad Auschwitz.
Liliana Segre : On 18 May 1944 her paternal grandparents were arrested in Inverigo, in the Province of Como, and deported after a few weeks to Auschwitz, where they were also killed on their arrival on the 30 June.
Liliana Segre : On 10 December 1943, at the age of thirteen, together with her father, Segre tried to flee to Switzerland, but both were rejected by the Swiss authorities.
Liliana Segre : In the same year, she participated in Moni Ovadia's film-documentary "Binario 21" (Platform 21) directed by Felice Cappa, which was inspired by the poem "Dos lid funem oysgehargetn yidishn folk" ("The Song of the Murdered Jewish People") written by Russian poet Itzhak Katzenelson.
Bandy X. Lee : She is a specialist in violence prevention programs in prisons and in the community and worked for several years in maximum security prisons in the United States where she was instrumental in initiating reforms at New York's Rikers Island jail complex.
Bandy X. Lee : Lee was director of research for the Center for the Study of Violence and with Kaveh Khoshnood, founded Yale University's Violence and Health Study Group.
Gary Eastwood : Gary Eastwood (born 21 March 1983), nicknamed Clint, is an English professional darts player who competes in events of the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC).
Fang Wu : She was once the member of the duo, BabyFace and Double 2 Band.
Fang Wu : Fang Wu (; born 23 March 1990) is a Taiwanese female singer-songwriter under Linfair Records, had participated in Super Idol and Duets China.
Chen Yifa : Chen Yifa, more commonly known in Chinese as Chen Yifaer (; born 13 October), was a Chinese internet live broadcast host.
Huang Zongying : Huang died of illness at Huadong Hospital on the morning of 14 December 2020.
Huang Zongying : In 1941, Huang followed her brother Zongjiang to Shanghai where she became a stage actress in Huang Zuolin's theatre company.
Eve Ai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Eve Ai : Eve Ai Yi-liang (; born 24 March 1987) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
Eve Ai : In 2017, she won Best Mandarin Female Singer at the 28th Golden Melody Awards.
Kim Hye-suk : She competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.
Kim Bok-soon : Kim Bok-soon participated at the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1968, finishing 29th overall.
Kim Myung-ja : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Myung-ja : Kim Myung-ja (born 10 March 1955) is a North Korean speed skater.
Lee Nam-sun : Lee Nam-sun (born 14 April 1961) is a South Korean speed skater.
Choi Seung-youn : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Chang-hae : Kim Chang-hae (born 4 July 1968) is a North Korean speed skater.
Kim Chang-hae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Hye-sook : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Hye-sook : Choi Hye-sook (born 21 January 1971) is a South Korean speed skater.
Xiao-Xiao Wang : Xiao-Xiao Wang (born 12 April 1981) is a Chinese-born table tennis player who represented Canada at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Jie Schöpp : Jie Schöpp (born 25 January 1968), née Shi (), is a Chinese-born, German international table tennis player.
Chisato Morishita : She contributed a "Play Diary" to the "Metroid: Zero Mission" Official Site, which was as strategy guide for the first part of Zero Mission and also contributed flyers and standees, both signed by her as speedrun contest.
Linda Johnson-Blair : Linda Johnson-Blair (born 20 June 1971) is a Canadian speed skater.
Megumi Ohori : On 12 January 2014, Ohori announced that she was pregnant with her first child in her blog.
Elvedina Muzaferija : Elvedina Muzaferija (born 20 August 1999) is a Bosnian female alpine skier who competed for Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Jang Sel-gi : On 16 January 2015, Jang signed a one-year contract with INAC Kobe Leonessa.
Lee Jin-sung : Lee Jin-sung (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born 5 August 1956) was the 6th President of the Constitutional Court of South Korea, appointed by Moon Jae-in on November 24, 2017.
Lilian Franck : Franck was born on March 11, 1971 in Würzberg, Germany.
Lilian Franck : Their 2009 documentary film "Pianomania" depicts the collaboration between piano technician Stefan Knüper and pianists including Pierre-Laurent Aimard, Alfred Brendel and Lang Lang; it had a successful theatrical release and was screened in theatres in over 25 countries worldwide, as well as over 100 countries on Television.
Mohamed Wali Akeik : Wali Akeik was born in 1950 in El Aaiún, the capital of the territory then called Spanish Sahara.
Xin Zhilei : Xin Zhilei ( , born 4 April 1986) is a Chinese actress.
Zhong Chuxi : Zhong Chuxi ( ; born 18 March 1993), also known as Elane Zhong, is a Chinese actress, best known for her role in the film "Youth" (2017) directed by Feng Xiaogang.
Suzanne Schulting : At the 2018 Winter Olympics she won a bronze medal in the women's 3000 metre relay and a gold medal in the women's 1000 metres.
Aina Aiba : During her pro wrestling career, she was part of the organization "Beginning" and made her debut on September 6, 2015.
Aina Aiba : In 2020, she and Roselia received the Singing Award at the 14th Seiyu Awards.
Aina Aiba : On March 3, 2018, Aiba, who was a member of the unit Doubutsu Biscuits x PPP, was one of the winners for the Singing Award during the 12th Seiyu Awards.
Tomori Kusunoki : Because she felt that it would be difficult to pass the voice acting audition unless she had more experience, she instead auditioned as a singer.
Hanna Öberg : Öberg repeated her Olympic success at the 2019 Biathlon World Championships on home snow in Östersund, where she again won the individual with a perfect shoot, having previously finished fourth in the sprint and fifth in the pursuit.
Arabella Ng : Arabella Ng Caroline Yili (; ] ; born 8 October 2001 in Hong Kong) is an alpine skier and the sole athlete who competed for Hong Kong at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Sayaka Murata : Sayaka Murata (村田沙耶香 "Murata Sayaka"; born August 14, 1979) is a Japanese writer.
Huang Yu-ting : Huang Yu-ting (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; is a Taiwanese speed skater who has competed in inline speed skating, short track speed skating, and long track speed skating.
Han Soo-jin : Han Soo-jin ( ; born 22 September 1987) is a South Korean ice hockey player.
Ju Hye-ri : Ju Hye-ri (born 21 February 1991) is a South Korean cross-country skier.
Netta Barzilai : Prior to her military service in the Israel Defense Forces, she spent a Service Year volunteering in the paramilitary Nahal.
Netta Barzilai : On 8 May 2018, Barzilai participated in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest, winning the semi-final with 283 points and qualifying for the final on 12 May.
Netta Barzilai : On 12 May 2018, she won the contest, held in Lisbon, Portugal, with her song "Toy", marking Israel's fourth win in the Eurovision Song Contest (after 1978, 1979, and 1998).
Yumiko Udo : She resigned from NHK on March 31.
Yumiko Udo : Her hobbies included reading, traveling and cooking.
Cherprang Areekul : In 2018, her fans also raised money to build a scientific library with a computer chamber at Ban Pa Daet School ( ) in Santi Suk, Nan, Northern Thailand, and named it after her.
Cherprang Areekul : On 20 September 2017, Thailand's national youth day, Cherprang was given a Rotary Club of Chatuchak's juvenile award by former deputy prime minister Bhichai Rattakul.
Cherprang Areekul : When Northeastern Thailand suffered severe floods in August 2017, eight autographed portraits of her and other BNK48 members were auctioned off to raise money for the flood victims.
Cherprang Areekul : Due to her background in science, she has been invited to various academic events, such as a panel talk concerning the reentry of the Tiangong-1 space station on 29 March 2018, and the tenth anniversary of the Synchrotron Light Research Institute() on 1 June 2018, where it was revealed that a photo of her would be carried in a GISTDA satellite to be launched into space in 2019.
Cherprang Areekul : Cherprang Areekul ( , , ] ; ; born 2 May 1996) is a member of the Thai idol girl group BNK48, an international sister group of the Japanese idol girl group AKB48.
Hina Hayata : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chang Chenchen : Chang Chenchen (born 20 June 1986) is a female Chinese international table tennis player.
Wu Na : Wu Na (born 1974) is a female Chinese former international table tennis player.
Cheng Hongxia : She won a bronze medal at the 1997 World Table Tennis Championships in the women's doubles with Wang Hui.
Chai Hong : Chai Hong (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born 9 August 1999) is a Chinese freestyle skier.
Wendell Lewis : Wendell Lewis (born September 21, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Saitama Broncos in Japan.
Chou Chia-chi : Chou Chia-chi (; born 21 August 1983) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Chou Chia-chi : In January 2011, Chou married to a former Taiwan national badminton player, Hu Chung-shien.
Chou Chia-chi : She competed at the 2007 World Championships in the women's doubles event partnered with Ku Pei-ting, and finished in the quarterfinals round.
Ho Tze-Lok : Ho Tze-Lok {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( , born 26 October 1995) is a Hong Kong professional squash player.
Hu Yingzhen : Hu Yingzhen (; born December 9, 1984 in Taipei), also known by the stage name Xiao Zhen () and the English name Karen Hu, is a Taiwanese actress, model, and host.
Hu Yingzhen : However, after multiple extramarital affairs, she filed divorce papers in 2013.
Hsu Ming-chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsu Ming-chun : On 26 February 2018, Hsu was appointed to be the Minister of Labor in a handover ceremony from her predecessor Lin Mei-chu who had tendered her resignation earlier on citing health issues.
Mari Horikawa : She participated in the 2017 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Grand Champions Cup.
Tien Chong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tien Chong : Chong's father is Singaporean law student and her mother is British nurse.
Tien Chong : Tien Chong (; born 25 September 1994), is a Hong Kong singer-songwriter debuted in 2017.
Emma Cumming : Emma Cumming (born 20 February 1998) is a New Zealand racing cyclist.
Eleonore von Habsburg : Her brother is race car driver Ferdinand Zvonimir von Habsburg.
Chi Pang-yuan : She has been instrumental in introducing Taiwanese literature to the western world through translations.
Chi Pang-yuan : Chi Pang-yuan (; born 19 February 1924) is professor emeritus of English and comparative literature at National Taiwan University and a notable writer, academic, and Chinese–English translator.
Park Eun-ooh : +Who are you?
Park Eun-ooh : sexy my boy!
Park Eun-ooh : In the 2010s, Eun-ooh switched her focus from being a singer to mainly working as a composer, songwriter, vocalist, and producer for K-pop music and Korean TV series.
Park Eun-ooh : Park Eun-ooh ( , born March 30, 1990), also known as NewNew, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, music producer, vocalist, and lyricist.
Park Eun-ooh : – March 7, 2008
Park Eun-ooh : Park Eun-ooh made her debut as a singer in 2007 with her stage name Xeno(제노) and published her first album "Seventeen Xeno".
Park Eun-ooh : +A Gentleman's Dignity OST Part 2 – "Everyday" – June 3, 2012
Park Eun-ooh : +Woori Ai(우리아이) – March 15, 2013
Park Eun-ooh : +Seventeen Xeno – September 20, 2007
Park Eun-ooh : +Naege Dasi(내게 다시) – June 23, 2008
Lexie Liu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lexie Liu : In 2015, she participated in K-pop Star 5, a South Korean reality TV competition series where her group came in fourth place.
Rosa Feola : Rosa Feola (born 21 May 1986) is an Italian operatic soprano.
Rosa Feola : Other roles Feola has sung include Serafina ("Il campanello"), Zerlina ("Don Giovanni"), Servilia ("La clemenza di Tito"), Musetta ("La bohème"), Lauretta ("Gianni Schicchi"), Carolina ("Il matrimonio segreto"), Norina ("Don Pasquale"), Sandrina ("La finta giardiniera"), Ilia ("Idomeneo"), Leïla ("Les pêcheurs de perles"), Amina ("La sonnambula"), Lucia ("Lucia di Lammermoor"), Dircé ("Médée"), Fiorilla ("Il turco in Italia").
Rosa Feola : She came to international attention winning Second Prize, the Zarzuela Prize and the Rolex Audience Prize at Plácido Domingo's Operalia 2010.
Sophia Taylor Ali : In 2017, Ali was cast in a recurring role as Dr. Dahlia Qadri in the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy".
Choi Hwan-hwan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Hwan-hwan : She won a bronze medal at the 1969 World Table Tennis Championships in the women's doubles with Choi Jung-sook.
Takako Suzuki : Suzuki is the daughter of veteran Hokkaido politician Muneo Suzuki.
Takako Suzuki : in International Politics from Trent University in Canada and worked as a television director at NHK before entering politics.
Takao Orii : In October 1984, Japan women's national team was formed for the first time in three years for a China expedition, and Japan Football Association appointed Orii as Japan national team manager.
Chieko Homma : In June 1981, Homma was selected by the Japan national team for the 1981 AFC Championship.
Maho Shimizu : In June 1981, she was selected Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship.
Mihoko Iwaya : In June 1981, when she was 17 years old, she was selected Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship.
Nobuko Jashima : On September 6, 1981, she debuted for Japan national team against England.
Miho Kaneda : In June 1981, Kaneda was selected Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship.
Yuriko Shima : In June 1981, Shima was selected Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship.
Sanae Mishima : In June 1981, she was selected Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship.
Masako Yoshida : On September 9, 1981, she debuted for Japan national team against Italy.
Tomomi Seo : On January 21, 1986, Seo debuted for Japan national team against India.
Kimiko Shiratori : In October 1984, when she was 16 years old, she was selected Japan national team for tour for China.
Yuko Oita : On January 21, 1986, when Oita was 16 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against India.
Chiaki Yamada : She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1989.
Kazuko Hironaka : Hironaka played for L.League club Nissan FC.
Noriko Ishibashi : In December 1989, she was selected Japan national team for 1989 AFC Championship.
Minako Takashima : On August 21, 1994, Takashima debuted for Japan national team against Austria.
Miki Sugawara : She played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 1998.
Megumi Ogawa : On December 17, 2000, Ogawa debuted for Japan national team against United States.
Megumi Torigoe : She played 8 games for Japan until 2001.
Yuka Yamazaki : Yamazaki was born in Tokyo on June 29, 1980.
Kazumi Kishi : She played 9 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2001.
Noriko Baba : On August 3, 2001, Baba debuted for Japan national team against South Korea.
Tomomi Fujimura : Fujimura was born in Hyogo Prefecture on May 30, 1978.
Akiko Niwata : On March 19, 2003, she debuted for Japan national team against Thailand.
Tomoko Suzuki : Suzuki was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on January 26, 1982.
Natsumi Hara : On March 29, 2005, when she was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia.
Saiko Takahashi : On March 29, 2005, when Takahashi was 28 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against Australia.
Maiko Nakaoka : On May 21, 2005, when Nakaoka was 20 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against New Zealand.
Miwa Yonetsu : She played 2 games for Japan in 2009.
Maiko Nasu : On August 1, 2009, she debuted for Japan national team against France.
Sun Sheng Xi : Sun Sheng Xi (; born 13 November 1990), also known as Shi Shi (), is a Taiwanese-Korean singer-songwriter.
Sun Sheng Xi : In 2015, she was nominated for Best New Artist at the 26th Golden Melody Awards.
Lee Min-a : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fubuki Kuno : In March 2013, Kuno was selected Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup.
Mai Kyokawa : She played 5 games for Japan until 2015.
Yoko Tanaka : Tanaka was born in Yamaguchi on July 30, 1993.
Yoko Tanaka : Tanaka was a member of Japan U-17 national team for 2008 and 2010 U-17 World Cup.
Shiori Miyake : In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship.
Saori Arimachi : She played six games for Japan until 2016.
Hikari Nakade : On September 26, 2013, she debuted for Japan national team against Nigeria.
Saki Ueno : On September 26, 2013, when Ueno was 18 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against Nigeria.
Ami Sugita : She played 6 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.
Shiho Kohata : In May 2014, Kohata was selected Japan national team for 2014 Asian Cup.
Yuria Obara : In May 2014, she was selected Japan national team for 2014 Asian Cup.
Ruka Norimatsu : She played for Japan at 2014 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship.
Rie Usui : She played 6 games for Japan in 2014.
Hisui Haza : She played four games for Japan in 2014.
Hikari Takagi : She was a member of Japan for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship.
Mayu Sasaki : She played 8 games for Japan until 2017.
Sakiko Ikeda : In 2017, she was selected for the Japan national team, when they played in the 2017 Algarve Cup.
Yuka Momiki : In 2016, Momiki was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup.
Hikaru Kitagawa : She played 5 games for Japan in 2017.
Kaede Nakamura : She played 3 games for Japan in 2017.
Rin Sumida : In 2018, she was a member for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship.
Mami Ueno : On April 9, 2017, she debuted for Japan national team against Costa Rica.
Miho Manya : She played 7 games for Japan in 2017.
Shiho Tomari : She played 2 games for Japan in 2017.
Riho Sakamoto : On July 30, 2017, she debuted for Japan national team against Australia.
Kang Ji-hoon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kuang Li-chen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Butina : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Butina : According to Russians interviewed by RFE/RL, the organization was notable for avoiding opposition to Putin during the 2011–2013 Russian protests, for its "quixotic" support for a cause with little public support and strong government opposition – Putin himself had told Russians "I am deeply convinced that the free flow of firearms will bring a great harm and represents a great danger for us" – for introducing legislation in the Russian parliament that "never went anywhere", and for receding from public view after Butina stepped down as its head.
Deyana Lomban : Deyana Gresye Susanti Lomban (born 27 January 1976) is a former Indonesian badminton player who also play for the PB Jaya Raya.
Ye Peiqiong : Ye Peiqiong (; born 1937), also known as Yei Pei-chun, is a female former international table tennis player from China.
Han Zhijun : Han Zhijun (born 21 February 1930) is a Communist cadre and widow of Hua Guofeng, Chairman of the Communist Party of China and Premier of China.
Choi Hee-seo : Choi Hee-seo (born Choi Moon-kyung on January 7, 1987) is a South Korean actress.
Choi Hee-seo : For this role, she set a record of winning eleven acting accolades in a single award season, whilst also achieving an unprecedented feat of winning both Best New Actress and Best Actress at the Grand Bell Awards.
Jin Ki-joo : Jin Ki-joo (born January 26, 1989) is a South Korean actress.
H'Hen Niê : H'Hen Niê (] ; born 15 May 1992) is a Vietnamese model and beauty pageant titleholder of the Rade ethnic minority group, who was crowned Miss Universe Vietnam after winning Miss Universe Vietnam 2017.
Hong Seung-hyun : Hong Seung-hyun (; born 28 December 1996) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward.
Hu Qiheng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hu Qiheng : She graduated from the Moscow Institute of Chemical Machinery in 1963 with an associate's degree in healthcare.
Stella Chou : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stella Chou : In August 1993, she became a founding member of the Chinese New Party, alongside Chen Kuei-miao, Jaw Shaw-kong, Lee Ching-hua, Wang Chien-shien, and Yok Mu-ming.
Chao Hsiu-wa : Chao Hsiu-wa () is a Taiwanese politician.
Chao Hsiu-wa : She contested a party primary in August 1992, and subsequently won election to the Legislative Yuan, representing the Democratic Progressive Party between 1993 and 1996.
Sharon Hsu : On 22 June 2012, her first EP album "Wien's Secret Garden" was released.
Sharon Hsu : Sharon Hsu (: "Xǔ Wéi'ēn" ; born 11 November 1981) is a Taiwanese actress and singer of Dutch descent.
Ellen Angelina : Ellen Angelinawaty (born 30 June 1976) is a former Indonesian badminton player and now is a badminton coach in PB Djarum.
Phạm Đoan Trang : Pham Doan Trang (born 1978 in Hanoi) is a Vietnamese author, blogger, journalist, and democracy activist.
Yoo Hye-min : She competed in the women's giant slalom at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Meng Man : She entered the Minzu University of China in September 1992, majoring in history, where she graduated in July 1999.
Meng Man : Since then, she has conducted four lecture series–"Wu Zetian", "Princess Taiping" (2008), "The Song of Everlasting Sorrow" (2009), "The Wonderful Sui Dynasty" (2010) and "Emperor Xuanzong and Yang Guifei" (2013).
Jenny Wallis : She won a bronze medal in the fours at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland with Naty Rozario, Angela Chau and Yee Lai Lee.
Quek See Ling : She was invited as one of the five International Poets (国际诗人) in 2019 Taipei Poetry Festival （2019台北诗歌节）.
Quek See Ling : After graduating from Foon Yew Primary School 2 and Foon Yew High School in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, she obtained Bachelor of Arts in Chinese (minor in Translation) and Master of Arts degrees in Chinese from Nanyang Technological University.
Titanic Sinclair : After moving to Los Angeles in 2013 to pursue a musical career, Poppy collaborated with Sinclair on a long series of abstract performance art, music, and promotional videos on YouTube which presented Poppy as a mysterious, not-quite-human internet-created character.
Titanic Sinclair : On April 17, 2018, Sinclair's former collaborator and partner Mars Argo filed a lawsuit in Central California court against Sinclair and Poppy alleging copyright infringement, stating that Sinclair based Poppy's online persona on hers, as well as emotional and physical abuse Sinclair had allegedly subjected her to in the period after their separation and the subsequent abandonment of the project.
Ko Chih-en : Ko's father served as magistrate of Pingtung County between 1973 and 1981.
Wu Yanshu : Wu Yanshu (; born 1938) is a Chinese actress.
Rika Kishino : On 13 January 2012, she participated in the name "Rika Kishino" at the R-1 Grand Prix 2012 and passed to the second round of 12 February, but was later eliminated (another member of NMB48, Mayu Ogasawara (then) was withdrawn from third round).
Rika Kishino : "Team N 2nd Stage: Seishun Girls" performance
Kanon Miyahara : She graduated from Nihon Newart High School and Nippon Sport Science University.
Susanna Hunt : Susanna was a pop singer known under the stage name of Geneveve, in 1966 releasing the songs, "Just a Whisper", "Summer Days", and "Once" plus in 1967, "That Can't Be Bad" and "I Love Him, I Need Him".
Akane Saito : In March 2011, she was selected Japan national team for 2011 Algarve Cup.
Cathy Yan : Yan worked as a reporter for the "Los Angeles Times" and "The Wall Street Journal" in New York, Hong Kong and Beijing before turning to filmmaking.
Cathy Yan : She received her BA from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 2008 and graduated with an MBA in general management from New York University Stern School of Business and an MFA in producing from New York University Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Film Program in 2016.
Jung In-sun : Jung In-sun (born April 25, 1991) is a South Korean actress.
Isabelle Haak : Isabelle "Bella" Haak (born 11 July 1999) is a Swedish volleyball player, who plays as an opposite for the Turkish club VakıfBank S.K.
Peck Yen Wei : Peck Yen Wei (born 10 February 1996) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Lan Yingying : Lan Yingying (born 16 April 1990), also known as Lyric Lan, is a Chinese actress.
Cindy Mi : When she finished the work from ABC English, she continued to work on her own studies until 2 a.m., eventually earning a bachelor's degree in English literature from Beijing Foreign Language University through China’s system of incredibly difficult self-taught exams.
Brigitte Bierlein : Brigitte Bierlein (] ; born 25 June 1949) is an Austrian former jurist who served as Chancellor of Austria from June 2019 to January 2020.
Brigitte Bierlein : During her time as a prosecutor, she was noted for her hardline tough-on-crime stance, although her years on the bench have earned her a reputation for civility and for working well with ideological opponents.
Zhu Jingjing : Zhu Jingjing (; born 7 January 1985) is a Chinese badminton player.
Zhu Jingjing : Zhu who played for the Guangdong team, became the runner-up at the 2006 National Championships, and was called back to join the national team.
Mayanne Mak : Mayanne Mak (), is a Canadian actress and host with TVB.
Mayanne Mak : In 2017 TVB Anniversary Awards, she won the Most Improved Female Artiste which broke the record that she is the first recipient of this category who only appears as a presenter and have not participated in any TV Drama.
Lee Yun-hwa : Lee Yun-hwa (Korean:  ; born 14 November 1985) is a South Korean badminton player.
Chen Duling : She is best known for her role in the coming-of-age film "The Left Ear" directed by Alec Su.
Arisa Date : Her hobbies/skills are drawing with aquarelle pencils, watching live performances, mahjong, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator.
Chen Yuqi : In 2019, Chen starred as one of the female leads, Zhao Min in the 2019 wuxia drama "Heavenly Sword and Dragon Slaying Sabre" based on the novel of the same name by Jin Yong.
Wu Jinyan : Wu Jinyan (, born August 16, 1990) is a Chinese actress.
Wu Jinyan : In 2000, she moved from her hometown to train at the Dance School Affiliated to Beijing Dance Academy, working to become a professional ballerina.
Isabel Bayón Gamero : She started her connection with dancing at the age of five in Matilde Coral Dance Academy.
Isabel Bayón Gamero : Isabel Bayón Gamero (born 13 May 1969), known in flamenco dance circles as Isabel Bayón, is a flamenco dancer, choreographer and teacher of flamenco dance, winner of the Spanish National Dance Award in 2013 ("Premio Nacional de Danza 2013") in the category of interpretation.
Sei Matobu : Born in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, she is nicknamed .
Sei Matobu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Monica Cox : Monica F. Cox is a professor of engineering education at Ohio State University.
Hung Shih-chieh : Hung Shih-chieh (; born 31 August 1986) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Hung Shih-chieh : Hung who attended Kaohsiung High School, was part of the national junior team that won the bronze medal at the 2004 Asian Junior Championships in the girls' team event.
Tsai Pei-ling : Tsai Pei-ling (; born 8 March 1987) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Nami Sano : Nami Sano (born 17 April 1987 in Hyōgo Prefecture) is a Japanese manga artist.
Shen Mengchen : In 2017, Shen co-starred with Ma Ke and Qi Wei in the wuxia television series "New Dragon Gate Inn", a remake of Raymond Lee's film "New Dragon Gate Inn".
Irene Montero : In January 2020, prime minister Pedro Sánchez appointed her as Minister of Equality.
Irene Montero : In November 2014, after being a candidate for the Citizen Council of Podemos, she was appointed head of Social Movements and began to lead the cabinet of the leader of Podemos, Pablo Iglesias, at which time she postponed her doctoral thesis project on new methods of educational inclusion to dedicate herself entirely to Podemos.
Irene Montero : Since January 2016, she has also been an MP for Madrid in the Congress of Deputies, and from February 2017 to January 2020 she was the Spokesperson for the Parliamentary Group Unidos Podemos-En Comú Podem-Galicia en Común in Congress.
Irene Montero : She has a bachelor's degree in psychology from the Autonomous University of Madrid, a master's degree in Educational Psychology (2013) and has been a doctoral fellow at the Autonomous University of Madrid with a scholarship for the Training of University Teachers.
Kim Moon-hi : Kim Moon-hi (Korean:  ; born 28 June 1988) is a South Korean badminton player.
Rina Harun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rina Harun : Datuk Seri Rina binti Mohd Harun (Jawi: رين بنت محمد هارون) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Minister of Women, Family and Community Development in the Perikatan Nasional (PN) administration under Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin since March 2020 and Member of Parliament (MP) for Titiwangsa since May 2018.
Rina Harun : During the Movement Control Order (MCO) for COVID-19 pandemic period, the ministry under her charge has issued controversial tips for wives to dress up, apply makeup, take up more chores, as well as "speak with a high pitched voice" similar to that of the cartoon character Doraemon as well as giggle coyly at their husbands – all for the sole purpose of avoiding domestic arguments.
Wu Mei-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hong Hye-ji : She also represented South Korea at the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Canada and at the 2016 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Papua New Guinea.
Hong Hye-ji : On 24 December 2016, Hong signed a one-year contract with Nadeshiko League club INAC Kobe Leonessa, where she made only two appearances before returning to South Korea.
Belén Maya : Maya began dancing while still young and studied classical, Hindu and contemporary dance in Italy, Germany and England.
Sally Rooney : She lives in Dublin.
Sally Rooney : A university debater, as a student at Trinity College Dublin, Rooney rose through the ranks of the European circuit to become the top debater at the European University Debating Championships in 2013, later writing of the experience.
Sally Rooney : On 27 November 2018, the work won "Irish Novel of the Year" at the Irish Book Awards and was named Waterstones' Book of the Year for 2018.
Margarita Robles : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margarita Robles : Her department approved major defence projects like upgrading the budget of the S-80 submarines by € 1.8 billion, and another billion for the modernization of the Boeing CH-47 Chinook of the Army which added to other military projects, in her first 3 months in office she approved investments worth 5 billion.
Margarita Robles : María Margarita Robles Fernández (León, November 10, 1956) is a Spanish judge and politician, currently serving as Minister of Defence since June 2018.
Margarita Robles : On December 14, 2018, the Council of Ministers approved the military plan of Minister Robles to build five new F110 class frigates to replace the old Santa María class, 348 battle vehicles and upgrading the Eurofighter jet worth € 7.3 billion to be paid in the next 15 years.
Margarita Robles : On November 27, 2019, the Office of the Prime Minister announced that because of the departure of Foreign Minister Borrell to the European Commission, Robles would temporary assume the office of Minister of Foreign Affairs until a new government is formed.
Margarita Robles : In October of that year, when the assassination of Saudi Arabian journalist Jamal Khashoggi was discovered the international community rapidly reproached this event and some European countries like Germany cancelled its military contracts with Saudi Arabia and called for the rest of EU countries to do the same, a petition that was ignored by those countries including Spain to protect thousands of jobs that the military contracts with this country generates.
Dolores Delgado : Born in 1962 in Madrid, Delgado studied law at the Autonomous University of Madrid, furthering her legal education with a master's degree in EU Law by the Complutense University of Madrid.
Dolores Delgado : Dolores Delgado García (born 9 November 1962) is a Spanish prosecutor who is the current and 92nd Attorney General of Spain.
Dolores Delgado : In 1989 Delgado entered the Spanish Prosecutor Service, she was first assigned as a prosecutor at the High Court of Justice of Catalonia.
Dolores Delgado : In 2013 she opposed the extradition of Hervé Falciani to Switzerland considering him a valuable asset in fight against tax fraud and corruption.
Dolores Delgado : After Mariano Rajoy received a vote of no confidence, Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez appointed Delgado as Minister of Justice in June 2018.
Zhao Haiyan : Zhao Haiyan (; born February 1963) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of her career in her home-province Henan.
Zhao Haiyan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhao Haiyan : On November 30, 2018, she was sentenced 11 years in prison for bribery.
Zehra Güneş : Zehra Güneş (born 7 July 1999) is a Turkish female volleyball player.
Aurélie Allet : Aurélie Marie Elisa Allet (born 1 July 1997) is a Mauritian badminton player.
Hikaru Akao : After finishing her studies, Akao became part of I'm Enterprise in 2015.
Hikaru Akao : In 2018, she played her first lead role as Kaoruko Moeta in "Comic Girls".
Hikaru Akao : Although she had been familiar with the occupation of voice acting during that time, she did not initially wish to pursue that career as she "hated her voice".
Tan Yee Kew : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tan Yee Kew : Before she quit from Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA) in 2008, she was elected as the MP for Klang or three terms from 1995 to 2008, and appointed as the Parliamentary secretary of Ministry of International Trade and Industry in the former Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition government in 2004.
Tan Yee Kew : In 2018 general election, Tan moved to Wangsa Maju in Kuala Lumpur, and defeated Yew Teong Look, the candidate of MCA, with 24,238 votes majority.
Cansu Özbay : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cansu Özbay : She was part of the national team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, which became silver medalist after losing to the United States in the final.
Xiong Rui : Xiong Rui (; born 2 August 1993) is a Chinese badminton player from Xiangtan, Hunan.
Xiong Rui : A the BWF Grand Prix tournament, she was the semi finalists at the 2011 Australian Open partnered with Ou Dongni, and 2013 New Zealand Open with Xiao Ting.
Isata Jabbie Kabbah : On 11 May 2008, she married Ahmed Tejan Kabbah, then President of Sierra Leone, 40 years her senior.
Zheng Yu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zheng Yu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zheng Yu : Zheng Yu (; born 7 February 1996) is a Chinese badminton player from the Jiangsu province team.
Tang Weixing : Tang Weixing (; born 15 June 1993) is a Chinese professional go player.
Nadia Calviño : She speaks Spanish, Galician, English, French and German.
Nadia Calviño : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nadia Calviño : After more than a decade working in the Spanish Ministry of Economy, Calviño moved to the European Commission in 2006.
Nadia Calviño : She graduated in with a degree in economics in 1991 from the Complutense University of Madrid and a law degree in 2001 from the National University of Distance Education (UNED).
Nadia Calviño : In June 2018 Calviño was chosen by Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez to be part of his new government as Minister of Economy and Business of Spain, following the motion of censure that the PSOE presented against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was approved by the Congress of Deputies on 1 June 2018.
Keiichiro Matsui : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Masahiro Narita : !
Masahiro Narita : !127 ||55 || 18.5 ||.306 || .268 ||.694 || 1.7 ||2.4 || 0.7 ||0.0 || 4.6
Meng Meiqi : Meng was born on October 15, 1998 in Luoyang, Henan, China.
Aoi Matsuda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aoi Matsuda : It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Reyes Maroto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Reyes Maroto : Maroto worked in the Ideas for Progress Foundation between 2011 and 2013, and has been an associate professor in the Department of Economics at the Charles III University of Madrid.
Reyes Maroto : Candidate number 20 on the list of the Spanish Socialist Worker's Party (PSOE) for the regional elections of May 2015 in the Community of Madrid, Marto was elected and became deputy of the Assembly of Madrid, in which she served as socialist spokeswoman in the Committee of Budgets, Economy, Finance and Employment.
Reyes Maroto : Although Maroto was born in the town of Medina del Campo (province of Valladolid), her parents are natives and residents of the also Valladolid town of Ataquines, where she spent her childhood and youth.
Reyes Maroto : María Reyes Maroto Illera (born 19 December 1973), is a Spanish economist and politician, who currently serves as Minister of Industry, Trade and Tourism of the Sánchez government.
Kim Hye-jeong : Kim joined the MG Saemaeul team in 2016, and selected to join the national team in 2018.
Minoru Koga : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Minoru Koga : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Magdalena Valerio : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Magdalena Valerio : The new Spanish Prime Minister, Pedro Sánchez, following the motion of censure that the PSOE tabled against the previous government of Mariano Rajoy (PP) and that was carried on 1 June 2018, appointed her as Minister in the new Spanish government.
Magdalena Valerio : Magdalena Valerio Cordero (born 27 September 1959), is a Spanish legal expert and politician, of the PSOE, that has spent most of her political career in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha.
Magdalena Valerio : Born in Torremocha, province of Cáceres, on 27 September 1959, she studied Law at the Complutense University of Madrid, graduating there in 1985.
Teresa Ribera : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Teresa Ribera : In 2015, she joined Pedro Sánchez's expert panel to prepare the Socialist Party's electoral program.
Teresa Ribera : Between 2004 and 2008 she was general director of the Office of Climate Change and between 2008 and 2011 she assumed the Secretary of State for Climate Change (in the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Food and Environment) during the government of president José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero.
Teresa Ribera : Ribera has been an associate professor of the Department of Public Law and Philosophy of Law at the Autonomous University of Madrid.
Teresa Ribera : On 13 January 2020, Ribera assumed the office of Fourth Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for the Ecological Transition and Demographic Challenge before the King in Zarzuela Palace in the Sánchez second cabinet.
Teresa Ribera : The first measures that Ribera carried out as minister was to end the so-called "sun tax" to allow the free production of power in an effort to increase ecological power and to reduce the price of electricity.
Teresa Ribera : In an effort to end coal pollution and to transform the power production of Spain, Ribera reached an agreement with unions to close most of the coal mines that still survived in the north of the country by making an investment of €250 million to avoid a fall in the miners’ standard of living and to restore the environmental balance of the area.
Teresa Ribera : Teresa Ribera Rodríguez (born 19 May 1969) is a Spanish jurist, university professor, and politician who has served as the Minister for the Ecological Transition of Spain since 2018, after Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez coming into power following the successful no-confidence motion against Mariano Rajoy.
Kengo Nomoto : !
Kengo Nomoto : !
Kengo Nomoto : 19 || || 14 || .377 || .250 || .677 || 2.9 || 0.6|| 0.2 ||0.1 || 4.0
Sim Chi Yin : Sim was born in Singapore.
Sim Chi Yin : In 2014 she became an interim member of VII Photo Agency, a full member in 2016 then left in 2017.
Sim Chi Yin : Sim Chi Yin (born 1978) is a Singaporean photographer, based between Beijing, China, and London.
Sim Chi Yin : She read history and international relations at the London School of Economics on a scholarship.
Mariko Asabuki : Her father, Ryoji Asabuki, is a poet, and several other relatives are literary scholars and translators.
Mariko Asabuki : Asabuki's first nonfiction book, a collection of essays written within the previous decade, was published under the title " " by Chuokoron-Shinsha in 2019.
Yamy : On 23 September 2017, Yamy released her debut single "Ay".
Yamy : Guo Ying (born 7 October 1991), better known by her stage name Yamy, is a Chinese singer, rapper and dancer under JC Universe Entertainment.
Alysa Liu : Liu was born on August 8, 2005, in Clovis, California, the oldest child of Arthur Liu, an attorney who immigrated to the U.S. from a small mountain village in Sichuan, China in the 1990s at the age of 25, after earning degrees in China.
Sarah Tuttle : Tuttle's research applies novel hardware approaches to spectrograph instrumentation design, particularly aimed to isolate star formation regulation in galaxies through emission and infall from the interstellar medium.
Sarah Tuttle : She has produced numerous studies on the gender bias within astrophysics, including one published in Nature in 2017 which found women's 1st author papers receive 10% fewer citations than similar papers led by male 1st authors.
Sarah Tuttle : Tuttle was a board member and hotline operator for the Lilith Fund until 2016, a reproductive-rights nonprofit that provides Texas women with financial support for obtaining abortions.
Sarah Tuttle : As of May 2019, Tuttle was leading the recommissioning of the KOSMOS spectrograph for the Apache Point Observatory, an instrument originally stationed at Kitt Peak Observatory.
Sarah Tuttle : In an interview with Chanda Prescod-Weinstein during the buildup to the 2017 March for Science, the "Washington Post" cited a group statement by Tuttle, Prescod-Weinstein and Joseph Osmundson on "The Establishment".
Sarah Tuttle : Tuttle received a M.Sc and M.Phil in astronomy from Columbia University in 2006 and 2007, and obtained her Ph.D in 2010, working with David Schiminovich on the Faint Intergalactic medium Redshifted Emission Balloon (FIREBall).
Jane Jie Sun : They have two children, and live in Shanghai.
Jane Jie Sun : Jane Jie Sun (born 1969/1970) is a Chinese businesswoman, and the CEO of the Trip.com Group, the largest online travel agency in China, since November 2016.
Nazlıcan İnci : Nazlıcan İnci (born 6 March 2000) is a Turkish badminton player.
Nazlıcan İnci : Teamed-up with Bengisu Erçetin, they grab the silver medal at the U17 European Championships in 2016.
Ebrar Karakurt : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ebrar Karakurt : She was part of the Turkey U18 team, and played at the 2017 Girls' U18 Volleyball European Championship in the Netherlands, as well as at the 2017 FIVB Volleyball Girls' U18 World Championship in Argentina.
Park Hee-jun : Park debuted with the fantasy action film "Dream of a Warrior" (2001) which starred Hong Kong actor Leon Lai.
Jin Yujia : Jin Yujia (; born 6 February 1997) is a Singaporean badminton player.
Jin Yujia : At the 2018 Mongolia International, she won double titles in the mixed and women's doubles event.
Shion Miura : Miura was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1976.
Haruka Morita-WanyaoLu : Lu Wanyao (; born 19 July 1996), also known by her Japanese name is a Chinese professional golfer.
Shizuka Ishibashi : Ishibashi's mother received the same award in 1976, marking the first time in Blue Ribbon's history that a parent and child received the same award.
Feng Timo : Feng Timo ( , born December 19, 1991), originally named Feng Yanan ( ), is a Chinese singer and internet personality from Wanzhou District, Chongqing, China.
Laetitia Grimaldi : Laetitia Grimaldi Spitzer is a French lyric soprano and graduate of The Juilliard School in New York City.
Laetitia Grimaldi : She made her Carnegie Hall debut in 2013 and has since performed at festivals such as the Verbier Festival in Switzerland, the Aix-en-Provence Festival in France, the Ravinia Festival in Chicago and the Menuhin Festival Gstaad, Switzerland.
Laetitia Grimaldi : Artists, including Dame Emma Kirkby, Illeana Cotrubas, Alfred Brendel, Teresa Berganza, Sir Thomas Allen and Masaaki Suzuki, amongst others.
Laetitia Grimaldi : Laetitia Grimaldi has been invited to festivals such as the Verbier Festival (Switzerland), the Aix-en-Provence Festival ( France), the Ravinia Festival Chicago (USA), the Norwich Concert Series (United Kingdom), the Menuhin Festival in Gstaad (Switzerland) and the Leipzig Music Festival (Germany).
Natsuko Kuroda : She graduated from Waseda University with a degree in Japanese, then worked various jobs as a teacher, administrator, and copy editor while continuing to write fiction.
Wes McKinley : Wes McKinley (born March 5, 1945) is an American politician who served in the Colorado House of Representatives from the 64th district from 2005 to 2013.
Lee Kum-jin : Lee Kum-jin (born 1 February 1965) is a South Korean basketball player.
Woo Eun-kyung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Woo Eun-kyung : Woo Eun-kyung (born 19 August 1962) is a South Korean basketball player.
Rio Shimamoto : Shimamoto was born in 1983 in Tokyo, Japan.
Rio Shimamoto : After being nominated for the Akutagawa Prize four times and the Naoki Prize twice, Shimamoto won the 159th Naoki Prize for her 2018 book "First Love".
Rio Shimamoto : She made her literary debut in 2001 with her story "Shiruetto" ("Silhouette") while still a student at Tokyo Metropolitan Shinjuku Yamabuki Senior High School, winning the 44th Gunzo Prize for New Writers.
María Jesús Montero : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
María Jesús Montero : During Montero's tenure at the head of the Ministry of Health, new health rights were regulated, such as the second medical opinion, access to preimplantation genetic diagnosis, genetic counseling or dignified death.
María Jesús Montero : Between September 2002 and April 2004 Montero held the position of Deputy Minister of Health of the Junta de Andalucía, after which she was appointed head of the Regional Ministry of Health, a responsibility she held until May 2012, the date from which she assumed the Health portfolio and Social Welfare.
María Jesús Montero : María Jesús Montero Cuadrado (born 4 February 1966), is a Spanish hospital administrator and politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) who has been serving as Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez since 2018.
María Jesús Montero : The daughter of teachers, Montero has a Degree in Medicine and Surgery from the University of Seville and master's degree in management from the EADA Business School in Barcelona.
Jane Merrick : On 20 July 2018, Merrick announced her resignation from the Labour Party in an op-ed for "The Times"; Merrick explained she would not vote Labour again until there was a new leader who "undoes the damage Corbyn has inflicted" and that she was leaving the party due to antisemitism.
He Rong : !
He Rong : !
He Rong : colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #FFBF00;" | Party political offices
He Rong : He Rong (; born 12 October 1962) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Deputy Party Secretary of Shaanxi province.
He Rong : In October 2013 she was elevated to the vice-president of the Supreme People's Court.
Mio Sugita : In July 2018, Sugita wrote a magazine article that described LGBT couples as "unproductive" as they can not bear children and thus were not worth taxpayer investment.
Mio Sugita : Mio Sugita (杉田 水脈 "Sugita Mio", born April 22, 1967) is a Japanese politician.
Maki Kashimada : In 2005 Kashimada won the 18th Mishima Yukio Prize for "Rokusendo no ai" ("Love at Six Thousand Degrees"), a story set in Nagasaki and loosely inspired by Marguerite Duras' screenplay for "Hiroshima mon amour".
Moeno Sakaguchi : In April 2018, Sakaguchi was selected Japan national team for 2018 Women's Asian Cup.
Reona : Reona ( ] ; stylized as ReoNa, born October 20, 1998) is a Japanese singer who is signed to Sacra Music.
Reona : Her second single "forget-me-not" was released digitally on January 13, 2019 and received a physical release on February 6, 2019; the title track is used as the second ending theme to the anime series "Sword Art Online: Alicization", and the single also includes the song , which is used as the ending theme for episode 19 of anime series "Sword Art Online: Alicization".
Pokimane : Speaking about the channel, Anys stated, "it's not fun being a streamer and living alone, so we decided to come together in a way so we not only keep each other company but we can also collab and actually do good work and content for everyone else."
Pokimane : In July 2018, Twitch selected her as one of 15 ambassadors for the 2018 iteration of their TwitchCon event.
Won Jin-ah : She is known for her roles in two dramas "Rain or Shine" (2017–2018) and "Life" (2018), the former of which earned her a Baeksang Arts Award nomination.
Reina Kondō : On April 14, 2021, she will make her debut as a solo singer under Nippon Columbia.
Jung Yoon-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aimi Kunitake : She played 3 games for Japan in 2018.
Chika Hirao : In November 2016, she was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 Women's World Cup.
Hina Sugita : In November 2016, she was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 Women's World Cup.
Nana Seino : Seino married actor Toma Ikuta on June 1, 2020.
Akira Chen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Akira Chen : Chen contested the 2016 legislative elections as a member of the Democratic Progressive Party from Changhua County's first district, losing to Kuomintang incumbent Wang Huei-mei.
Kane Tanaka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kane Tanaka : Kane Tanaka, née Ota, was born on 2 January 1903 in the village of Wajiro (now part of Higashi-ku, Fukuoka), on the southern island of Kyushu, the third daughter and seventh child of her parents, Kumayoshi and Kuma Ota.
Kane Tanaka : Kane's husband was later drafted into the military service, which lasted from 1937 to 1939; one of her sons was captured towards the end of World War II, as he also served in the military, and was held prisoner in Siberia before being released and returning home in 1947.
Mary Hartley : Mary Hartley (born August 16, 1954) is an American politician who served in the Arizona Senate from the 20th district from 1995 to 2003.
An Yuexi : An Yuexi (; born 10 June 1989) is a Chinese actress.
Song Yuqi : She attended Beijing 101 Middle School.
Song Yuqi : Song was born on September 23, 1999 in Beijing, China.
Song Yuqi : Her Korean Proficiency level was certified in 2020 when she gained Level 5 out of 6 overall in the TOPIK test (222, 8 points below the level 6 score of 230).
Song Yuqi : She is part of the South Korean girl group (G)I-dle, which debuted in 2018.
Song Yuqi : In 2015, Song attended the Cube Star World Audition Beijing Station, performing CLC's "High Heels" and G.E.M.
Wang Jianjiahe : She competed in the 2018 Fina Short Course World Championships in Hangzhou, China her home country and won her first World Championship gold in the Women's 800 meter freestyle gold, and won silver in the Women's 400 meter freestyle.
Chan Hoi-yan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chan Hoi-yan : Chan graduated from the Department of Journalism at Hong Kong Baptist University and went on to obtain a Master of Social Sciences Degree in Media Management, also from Baptist University.
Hidemasa Morita : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hidemasa Morita : After being four years at Ryutsu Keizai University, Hidemasa Morita joined Kawasaki Frontale in 2018.
Chen Yile : Chen Yile (, born 5 January 2002) is an elite Chinese female artistic gymnast.
Kim Su-jong : She is also a World Cup champion in the floor event of the Artistic Gymnastics World Cup as she claimed gold at the 2018 FIG Artistic Gymnastics World Cup which was held in Doha.
Kim Su-jong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Su-jong : Kim Su-jong represented North Korea at the 2018 Asian Games, which was also her first Asian Games appearance and went onto secure bronze medal in the women's individual all-around event, as well as becoming the Floor Exercise champion.
Tan Zhuo : She appeared in the films "Spring Fever" (2009, banned in China), "Dying to Survive" (2018, one of the highest-grossing films in China) and the 2018 TV series "Story of Yanxi Palace".
Anna Shcherbakova : In 2007, at 3 years of age, Shcherbakova began learning to skate under Oksana Bulycheva at the Khrustalnyi rink of the Olympic Reserve Sports School no.
Erma Sulistianingsih : Erma Sulistianingsih (born 5 November 1965) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Stella Chang : Stella Chang (; born 31 August 1966) is a Taiwanese singer who won the Golden Melody Award for Best Female Vocalist Mandarin twice.
Isobel Waller-Bridge : Waller-Bridge studied for a bachelor's degree in music at Edinburgh University and a master's degree at King's College London.
Keum Ji-hyeon : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Keum Ji-hyeon : Keum Ji-hyeon (born 17 March 2000) is a South Korean sport shooter.
Zhu Xudan : Zhu Xudan (; born 15 April 1992), also known as Bambi Zhu, is a Chinese actress.
Park Hye-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Hye-suk : Park Hye-suk ( ; born 15 July 1964) is a South Korean rower.
Han Hye-sun : She competed in the women's double sculls event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Lee Byeong-in : Lee Byeong-in (born 10 June 1968) is a South Korean rower.
Yuen Sin Ying : Yuen Sin Ying (, born 13 January 1994) is a Hong Kong badminton player.
Ri Ji-ye : Ri Ji-ye (born 18 December 1997) is a North Korean sport shooter.
Claire Chiang : Claire Chiang (; born 4 October 1951) is a Singaporean entrepreneur, activist and former Nominated Member of Parliament.
Claire Chiang : She was a sociology major at the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore), and did a programme in translation at the Sorbonne University in Paris, before returning to complete her honours degree in Singapore, while working at the French Embassy.
Honoka Inoue : In 2017, Inoue and her mother appeared as a daughter and mother in the original net animation "Pokémon Generations".
Honoka Inoue : In 2015, Inoue began her career in entertainment as a singer, performing the song under the mononym Honoka; the song was used in the video game "Taiko no Tatsujin".
María Luisa Carcedo : María Luisa Carcedo Roces (born 30 August 1953) is a Spanish doctor, politician and former senator who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
María Luisa Carcedo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
María Luisa Carcedo : She was appointed senator again after the 2015 general election and the 2016 general election.
María Luisa Carcedo : She began her professional activity in Primary Health Care from 1978 to 1984, and since 1995 she has been working at the Natahoyo Health Center in Gijón.
María Luisa Carcedo : Related to the Socialist Party since young ages, she started to assume public offices in 1984 as director of the local health centres of the Nalon Valley an office where she worked until 1988 when she was appointed Regional Director of Public Health of the Regional Government of Asturias.
María Luisa Carcedo : After the 2014 Extraordinary Congress of the Socialist Party she became member of the Federal Executive Committee (executive body of the party) as Secretary of Social Welfare, renouncing the Secretary of Economy, Employment and Sustainability that until then she held in the Executive Committee of the Socialist Party Federation of Asturias.
Zhang Wu : Zhang Wu (; born 17 August 1993) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Inner Mongolia Caoshangfei in the China League Two.
Lee Jae-nam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Jae-nam : She competed in the women's coxless pair event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Yang Li-yin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christine Blasey Ford : While on her regional sports team for diving, she accompanied diver Greg Louganis on a trip to the White House to discuss the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott.
Christine Blasey Ford : On September 18, Ford's attorneys sent a letter to Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley requesting that the FBI investigate the incident before the Senate holds a hearing on Ford's allegations to "ensure that the crucial facts and witnesses in this matter are assessed in a non-partisan manner, and that the Committee is fully informed before conducting any hearing or making any decisions".
Christine Blasey Ford : Her research into the social impact of hiding one's sexual orientation was published in 2016 in the journal "Behavior Therapy", and reviewed by psychologist William Gibson of the American Psychological Association, who found their research "demonstrates that issues of identity have relevance to mental health outcomes in ways that much of previous work misses."
Dong Wenjing : Dong Wenjing (; born 15 June 1998) is a Chinese badminton player from Guangxi.
Dong Wenjing : Dong also play for the national team at the 2019 Asia Mixed Team Championships, clinched a gold medal and won the Tong Yun Kai Cup.
Feng Xueying : Feng Xueying (; born 19 December 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Eric Tan : Tan Siliang (), also known as Eric Tan, is a Chinese billionaire businessman, the chairman and co-founder of Qutoutiao, a mobile content aggregator.
Phan Văn Giang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Phan Văn Giang : Phan Văn Giang was born in 1960 in Thái Nguyên Province, joined the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam in 2016.
Phan Văn Giang : Phan Văn Giang is a Vietnamese Colonel General, the current Chief of the General Staff of the Vietnam People's Army and First Deputy Defence Minister.
Catherine Muller : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Catherine Muller : Catherine Brigitte Muller (born 1 July 1969) is a French rower.
Yu Ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lulas : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lulas : Manuel Ngalula Sallo da Cunha (born 17 May 1996), commonly known as Lulas, is an Angolan footballer who currently plays as a defender for Sagrada Esperança.
Han Jing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ali Sanders : Ali Sanders (born 15 December 1970) is a British physician and rower.
Sanya Malhotra : Sanya Malhotra (born 25 February 1992) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films.
Veronica Chou : On 16 November 2012, Chou married the Russian businessman Evgeny Klyucharev, with 1,500 guests in a custom-built Russian palace at Wan Chai's Grand Hyatt hotel.
Veronica Chou : Veronica Chou (; born 1984) is a Hong Kong businesswoman.
Ava Max : II", which was released on December 27, 2019.
Ava Max : In a 2019 interview with "Attitude", Max revealed that she had been attracted to women in the past but has chosen to not label her sexuality, explaining that she appreciated "when it's about who you are as a person.
Ava Max : Around 2016–2017, Max adopted her signature hairstyle titled the 'Max Cut', which can be seen in her logo as a substitute for the 'A' in Max.
Ava Max : Max grew up listening to artists such as Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Celine Dion, Aretha Franklin, Fugees, Mariah Carey, and Whitney Houston.
Rafaela Alburquerque : Since 15 August 2016, she has been a deputy for the province of San Pedro de Macorís for Social Christian Reformist Party .
Rafaela Alburquerque : From May 2011 to April 2017, she served as Ambassador of the Dominican Republic to the Chinese Republic of Taiwan; being for 8 months in a duality of public functions that was criticized, because Alburquerque enjoyed two salaries from the State.
Rafaela Alburquerque : Rafaela Alburquerque "Lili" de González (born 19 September 1947), is a Dominican lawyer and diplomat.
Ko Young-eun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ji-jeong : She won the gold medal in the girls' 63 kg event at the 2013 Asian Youth Games held in Nanjing, China.
Donna Strickland : Strickland is married to Douglas Dykaar, who received a doctorate in Electrical Engineering from the University of Rochester.
Donna Strickland : She served as its vice president and president in 2011 and 2013 respectively, and was a topical editor of its journal "Optics Letters" from 2004 to 2010.
Donna Strickland : On 2 October 2018, Strickland was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for her work on chirped pulse amplification with her doctoral adviser Gérard Mourou.
Donna Strickland : Strickland was born on 27 May 1959, in Guelph, Ontario, Canada to Edith J.
Donna Strickland : Strickland's recent work has focused on pushing the boundaries of ultrafast optical science to new wavelength ranges such as the mid-infrared and the ultraviolet, using techniques such as two-colour or multi-frequency methods, as well as Raman generation.
Donna Strickland : She became the third woman ever to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, after Marie Curie in 1903 and Maria Goeppert Mayer in 1963.
Ann Tsukamoto : Tsukamoto got her undergraduate degree from the University of California, San Diego.
Ann Tsukamoto : Dr. Tsukamoto conducted her postdoctoral work on the wnt-1 gene and a transgenic model for breast cancer at the University of California, San Francisco with Nobel Laureate, Dr. Harold Varmus.
Choi Su-ji : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Choi Su-ji : Choi Su-ji (born 14 June 1993) is a South Korean field hockey player for the South Korean national team.
Xinnian Dong : Xinnian Dong (; born 1959) is a Chinese-American biologist who is the current Arts and Sciences Professor of Biology in the Trinity College of Arts and Sciences, Duke University.
Konstantina Moutos : Konstantina Moutos (born Wellington, New Zealand 1964) is a Greek-New Zealand fashion designer.
Konstantina Moutos : The black evening gown which won her the 1986 award was featured in an exhibition, entitled Black in Fashion, in Auckland in 2011 that was curated by the New Zealand Fashion Museum.
Yang Yuying : Considering that in the early 1990s, the development of the popular music and video industry in the mainland, the audiovisual market was monopolized by pirated publications, and the actual sales volume should be much higher than this, but the specific data is difficult to count.
Yang Yuying : On December 14, 1991, with the support of the record company, Yang Yuying boarded the stage of the "Gold and Silver List" column of CCTV's "Rotating Stage" column, sang the songs "Chashan Love Song" and "Wind Love, Water and Smile" and immediately triggered The craze, the 20-year-old Yang Yuying became a household star in the mainland, and became a household star in the mainland.
Sheng-Ching Chang : Sheng-Ching Chang (張省卿; born 1963 in Tainan, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese art historian.
Sheng-Ching Chang : From 1986 to 1995, she studied at the University of Hamburg in Germany, obtaining a Master's in art history and history with her thesis "Das Porträt von Johann Adam Schall von Bell in Athanasius Kirchers ‘China illustrata’ (The Portrait of Johann Adam Schall von Bell in Athanasius Kircher’s ‘China illustrata’").
Karen Schmidt : Karen Schmidt (born November 27, 1945) is an American politician who served in the Washington House of Representatives from the 23rd district from 1981 to 1999.
Chen Saijuan : Chen's research is focused on molecular genetics and especially the cytogenetics of leukemia, and she has made important discoveries on the pathogenesis and therapy of leukemia on the cellular and molecular level.
Sang Chen : After graduating from the Communication University of China in 1996, she joined the China Central Television, working as a host of "Together Across the Strait".
Han Yue : Han Yue (; born 18 November 1999) is a Chinese badminton player.
Han Yue : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Li Wenmei : Li Wenmei (; born 2 November 1999) is a Chinese badminton player from Maoping, Hubei.
Oohyo : The EP included songs she wrote during her high school years, and 5 out of 8 songs are in English.
Oohyo : Again a mix of songs performed in Korean and English, the album was nominated for three awards in the 13th Korean Music Awards in 2016.
Michelle Bolsonaro : Michelle de Paula Firmo Reinaldo Bolsonaro (born 22 March 1982) is the current First Lady of Brazil.
Lang Tzu-yun : Lang Tzu-yun (; 5 April 1965) is a Taiwanese actress.
Lang Tzu-yun : She was trained in the art of crosstalk by Wu Zhaonan, and founded the in 1999.
Di Ying : Di kicked Hong Kong actress Yammie Lam in the stomach in public making her fall on the ground when they were co-starring in a Taiwanese TV series in 1991, and Di boasted about it in a variety show in 2005, calling her "Lam the big shot" ( ), long after Lam's retirement.
Kolas Yotaka : See the World".
Kolas Yotaka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kolas Yotaka : On October 3, 2018, the Taiwan Taipei District Prosecutors Office pointed out that since representation of the electorate is elected by the public, the handling of public affairs, whether private or honest, will affect the purity and credit of the public office, so it must be criticized by the outside world.
Kolas Yotaka : In May 2016, Kolas, Chen Chi-mai, and 17 other legislators proposed a bill to abolish the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission.
Kolas Yotaka : On 20 May 2016, 18 legislators including Kolas and Chen Qimai proposed the Draft Amendment to Article 16 of the Immigration and Immigration Law, which was passed on November 1, 2016.
Kolas Yotaka : At the end of 2014, Cheng Wen-tsan, then mayor of Taoyuan City, appointed her as the first female director of the Aboriginal Administration of the Taoyuan City Government; and revised the name of the institution which has been used for 14 years to “Indigenous Peoples Administration Bureau”.
Kolas Yotaka : Kolas served as the director of the Aboriginal National Administrative Bureau of the Taoyuan City Government, the Ninth Legislative Yuan (representing the Democratic Progressive Party), and spokesperson for the Executive Yuan.
Kolas Yotaka : On 15 February 2017, Kolas accompanied a Taiwanese-Tibetan family to the Executive Yuan to submit a request; on the 20th of the same month, the Ministry of the Interior's Immigration Department abolished the principle of "collective review of the application for residence of Tibetan spouses holding Indian travel permits" and established  “following the Nationality and Immigration Act, Article 16, Item 4, Tibetan residents who have changed their nationality and hold Indian travel permit can apply for stay in Taiwan”.
Kolas Yotaka : Kolas' grandfather received the Japanese name Yoshinari during Japanese rule, and her father followed the tribal system with the name Yoshinari Yutaka (吉成豐).
Kolas Yotaka : On 23 April 2017, the Ministry of the Interior, at the request of the Kolas, canceled the ceremony of the Mausoleum of the Yellow Emperor, and the Central Government would no longer sent representatives of the Ministry to attend the Zheng Chenggong Festival, breaking the 54-year political convention and reflecting Taiwan's change in attitude to identity and multiculturalism.
Kolas Yotaka : On 20 September 2018, at the invitation of Queen Bilung Gloria Salii of the Republic of Palau, she participated in the "25th Anniversary Conference of the National Women's Conference" as the guest speaker.
Kolas Yotaka : "Wounds of Sami" was nominated for the 2012 Award for Excellence in Journalism, "The Death of Wufeng" won the silver at the 2013 Nepal International Aboriginal Film Festival, and "Fight for the Island-Punsu No Tao" was nominated for the 2014 International Uranium Film Festival in Rio.
Kolas Yotaka : On 17 June 2018, Kolas was invited by the Hawaiki Project (an Indigenous social initiative) to seek funding from the Council of Indigenous Peoples to allow New Zealand Māori children to come to Taiwan on 23 August 2018 for a 10-day origin trip and participate in traditional tribal ceremonies; and at the same time plan in mid-February 2019, allow Taiwanese aboriginal children go to New Zealand to experience Maori culture.
Hinata Miyazawa : November 11, 2018, she debuted for Japan national team against Norway.
Nichika Ōmori : On March 1, 2021, she transferred to Across Entertainment.
Wang Zhiyi : She started her career as a badminton player by trained in Jingzhou sports school.
Wang Zhiyi : Wang Zhiyi (; born 29 April 2000) is a Chinese badminton player from Shashi, Jingzhou, in Hubei province.
Wang Zhiyi : She was the girls' singles champion at the 2018 Asian Junior Championships, also helps the national team clinched the mixed team title.
Kodai Naraoka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hirari Mizui : "Women's singles"
Hirari Mizui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Liu Xuanxuan : Liu Xuanxuan (; born 18 June 2000) is a Chinese badminton player from Hunan.
Line Christophersen : Line Drost Christophersen (born 14 January 2000) is a Danish badminton player.
Toh Ee Wei : Toh Ee Wei (born 18 September 2000) is a Malaysian badminton player from Malacca.
Xia Yuting : Xia Yuting (; born 29 May 2000) is a Chinese badminton player from Jiangsu.
Lu Shiow-yen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lu Shiow-yen : Lu resigned from the legislature in 20 November 2018 before the 2018 Taichung mayoral election, in which she defeated incumbent Lin Chia-lung.
Lin Zi-miao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsu Chen-wei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsu Chen-wei : Hsu participated in the 2014 Hualien County magistrate election on 29 November 2014 as an independent candidate finishing in 4th place, losing to her own husband Fu Kun-chi.
Rao Ching-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rao Ching-ling : In 2016, Rao was appointed a deputy secretary-general of the Kuomintang, under chairwoman Hung Hsiu-chu.
Chang Li-shan : She is married to .
Chang Li-shan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miho Okasaki : Okasaki was born in Okayama Prefecture on November 22.
Li Shengsu : In 1997, she won the title of "Outstanding Young Artist" at the 14th World Youth Festival in Cuba.
Li Shengsu : On December 29, 2017, Li Shengsu won the 10th China Gold Record Award for Best Peking Opera and Quyi Performer with her performance in "Symphony Peking Opera - Female General of Yangmen" (杨门女将).
Liu Haixia : Liu Haixia (; born 23 October 1980) is a former Chinese female weightlifter, and world champion competing in the −63 kg and −69 kg division.
Lim Hwa-young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meng Wanzhou : As of December 2018, Meng is the deputy chairwoman and CFO of Huawei, China's largest privately held company, with 180,000 employees.
Meng Wanzhou : Meng Wanzhou (; born 13 February 1972; also known as Cathy Meng and Sabrina Meng) is a Chinese business executive, who is the deputy chair of the board and chief financial officer (CFO) of telecom giant and China's largest privately held company, Huawei, founded by her father Ren Zhengfei.
Mi-Ke : From 1992 April until 1993 March, they were regular members of the NHK program "" with total 31 broadcasts.
Mi-Ke : Mi-Ke were a 1990s J-Pop idol group and chorus group for B.B.Queens under Being Inc. recording agency.
Jeongyeon : Yoo Jeong-yeon (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born 1 November 1996), known mononymously as Jeongyeon (Korean:  ), is a South Korean singer.
Deborah Joseph : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hong Son-ok : Hong Son-ok (Korean:  , born 28 March 1950) is a senior North Korean politician.
J.Fla : Kim Jeong-hwa (born June 10, 1987), better known by her stage name J.Fla, is a South Korean singer, music artist, songwriter, and YouTuber.
J.Fla : In mid-2013, she released her official debut album, an original EP titled "Babo Kateun Story" ( ).
J.Fla : In late 2019, J.Fla released several new original songs with accompanying music videos, starting with "Good Vibe" on September 6.
Mihrigul Tursun : She said: "There were around 60 people kept in a cell so at nights, 10 to 15 women would stand up while the rest of us would sleep on sideways so we could fit, and then we would rotate every 2 hours.
Mihrigul Tursun : She said: "My hands bled from their beatings, each time I was electrocuted, my whole body would shake violently and I could feel the pain in my veins, I thought I would rather die than go through this torture and begged them to kill me."
Mihrigul Tursun : According to Hua, Tursun was taken into custody by Qiemo County police for 20 days from 21 April – 20 May 2017 on suspicion of inciting ethnic hatred and discrimination, but she was never jailed or put in a "vocational training" center (the government's term for the internment camps).
Cheris Lee : Cheris Lee ( ; born 11 September 1996), is a Singaporean singer, dancer, model and actress based in South Korea.
Cheris Lee : Cheris is known for her lead role in the Singaporean drama, "Love in Transit" (2017).
Charles Younger : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kang Lee-seul : Kang Lee-seul (born 5 April 1994) is a South Korean basketball player for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank and the South Korean national team.
Baek Ji-eun : Baek Ji-eun (born 5 January 1988) is a South Korean basketball player for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank and the South Korean national team.
Kim Han-byul : She participated at the 2018 FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup.
Kim Han-byul : Kim Han-byul (born 21 November 1986) is a South Korean basketball player for Yongin Samsung Blueminx and the South Korean national team.
Hamad bin Mohammed Al Al-Sheikh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sharon Cheung : She received the Outstanding Performance Award from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2003.
Stephanie Shiao : Stephanie Shiao (; born 13 August 1968) is a Taiwanese actress, model, singer and writer.
Stephanie Shiao : Shiao was born Shiao Xiuxia () in Yonghe District of New Taipei City, Taiwan, on August 13, 1968, while her ancestral home in Heze, north China's Shandong province.
Diane Wang : At an ABAC meeting in 2018, Wang proposed the creation of incubation centers throughout Asia to "promote the expansion of small business trade."
Rebecca Adam : However this incident created further controversy as top Deaf sports movements criticised the appointment of Rebecca Adam without proper consent and approval.
Liu Ts'ui-jung : In March 2013, Liu lost NT$20 million in a case of telephone fraud.
Judit Hidasi : In 1997 she habilitated.
Judit Hidasi : Judit Hidasi (] ; born 11 July 1948) is a Hungarian linguist, professor of communication at Faculty of International Management and Business, Budapest Business School.
Judit Hidasi : In 1992 she founded the Institute of Oriental Communication Studies and managed it until 1998.
Judit Hidasi : Hidasi was born on 11 July 1948 in Budapest.
Judit Hidasi : She has also lecturered as a visiting professor at Sapientia University, Cluj-Napoca, Romania since 2012, and at Josai University, Sakado, Japan since 2015.
Judit Hidasi : degrees at the Eötvös Loránd University, Faculty of Arts in English and Russian Philology in 1971, and in General and Applied Linguistics in 1976.
Judit Hidasi : She acted as a Deputy Head of the Department of International Bilateral Relations at the Ministry of Education and as a secretary of the Hungarian Scholarship Board from 1998 until 2001.
An Song-il : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rim Kwang-hyok : Rim Kwang-hyok (Korean:  ; born 5 August 1992) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Kigwancha and the North Korea national team.
Kim Chol-bom : Kim Chol-bom (Korean:  ; born 16 July 1994) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender for April 25 and the North Korea national team.
Ri Un-chol : Ri Un-chol (Korean:  ; born 13 July 1995) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sonbong and the North Korea national team.
Daniel Savini : Daniel Savini (born 26 September 1997) is an Italian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Bardiani–CSF–Faizanè .
Mei-Yin Chou : Mei-Yin Chou (; born 1958) is a Taiwanese physicist.
Wang Jun'an : Wang Jun'an (born 5 June 1970) is a Chinese Yue opera singer-actress who specializes in young "sheng" (male) roles.
Sun Yumin : Sun Yumin (born 1940), born Yang Yuemin, is a Chinese Peking opera artist who specializes in "dan" (female) roles.
Winny Oktavina Kandow : Winny Oktavina Kandow (born 14 October 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player specializes in doubles from Tewasen village in South Minahasa, North Sulawesi.
Aimyon : Aimyon was born on March 6, 1995, in the city of Nishinomiya in Hyōgo Prefecture.
Aimyon : On March 4, 2015, she made her indie debut with the single "Anata Kaibou Junaika (Shine)", a release available only at Tower Records which entered the Oricon Indies top ten chart.
Emma Mackey : Emma Margaret Marie Tachard-Mackey (born 4 January 1996) is an Anglo-French actor.
Lui Lai Yiu : Her personal bests are 13.32 seconds in the 100 metres hurdles (+1.3 m/s, Doha 2019) and 8.41 seconds in the 60 metres hurdles (Ashgabat 2017).
Isabel Chan : Chen Yi Ning was born in 1979 in Chaozhou, and grew up in Hong Kong where she attended Canossa College and Po Ciu Catholic Secondary School.
Jeong Jeong-eun : Jeong Jeong-eun (born 18 July 1945) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Lee Geun-su : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Geun-su : Lee Geun-su (born 9 July 1946) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Aoi Koga : In 2019, she played the role of Kaguya Shinomiya in "", for which she won Best Actress in a Leading Role at the 14th Seiyu Awards.
Aoi Koga : Koga had an interest in anime since her childhood, watching series such as "Cardcaptor Sakura" and "Ojamajo Doremi".
Shan Xin : However she liked Japanese anime and became interested in dubbing because of the protagonist of "Detective Conan", and at the third grade began to use the repeater to practice recording.
Hsu Hsueh-chi : In materials written for review by the Legislative Yuan, she opined that the National Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall should remain standing to serve as a reminder of past authoritarianism, with its statue of Chiang Kai-shek moved to the Cihu Memorial Sculpture Park, suggesting an arts library or human rights museum in its place.
Chou Chen Hsiu-hsia : Chou Chen Hsiu-hsia (; born 14 January 1958) is a Taiwanese politician.
Kim Jeong-sun : Kim Jeong-sun (born 8 July 1961) is a South Korean volleyball player.
E Jingwen : E Jingwen (; born February 15, 1989), also known as Vin E or E Bo (), is a Chinese actress.
Sophie Jones : In October 2014, Jones participated in the Lancashire County Cup.
Sun Mi-sook : Sun Mi-sook (born 19 March 1968) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Anne Fanning : Other awards include the Japanese Anti-Tuberculosis Association TB Global Award; the Alberta Centennial Medal; a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Canadian Society for International Health; the Alberta Order of Excellence; the May Cohen Award from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada; and being named as "One of Alberta's Physicians of the Century" by the Alberta Medical Association.
Elisha King : Elisha King (born 15 June 1999) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the North Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition (AFLW).
Lee Yeon-sun : Lee Yeon-sun (born 12 December 1973) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Ichika Osaki : Ichika Osaki was born in Kōchi Prefecture, Japan on December 2, 2000.
Ichika Osaki : In 2019, she joined the cast of "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger" landing her first major television role as Asuna/Ryusoul Pink.
Mizuho Habu : In April 2018, she became an exclusive model for fashion magazine JJ along with Nogizaka46 member Hina Higuchi.
Mizuho Habu : Habu's modeling career started when she was featured on GirlsAward 2016 Spring/Summer, becoming the first Keyakizaka46 member to get on a runway show.
Yang Fenglan : In reaction to her conviction, the Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a public statement supporting the court decision and condemning illegal activities of Chinese nationals abroad.
Yang Fenglan : In February 2019, she and two Tanzanian men, Salivius Matembo and Manase Philemon, were each sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment for "leading an organised criminal gang" by the Tanzanian court.
Yang Fenglan : In 1975, she was assigned to Tanzania, where she worked as a translator in the construction of the TAZARA Railway, linking Zambia's landlocked copper belt with Tanzania's coast, at the time China's most significant African investment.
Zuzana Čaputová : Čaputová is divorced and has two daughters.
Zuzana Čaputová : Zuzana Čaputová, {'1': ", '2': 'MPTP', '3': ", '4': "} (] ; Strapáková; born 21 June 1973) is a Slovak politician, lawyer, and environmental activist who has been President of Slovakia since 15 June 2019.
Zuzana Čaputová : In December 2017, Čaputová announced her entry into the emerging political party Progressive Slovakia, and in January 2018, she was elected as a Vice-Chairwoman at the party's first congress, aiding 's efforts to assure the representation of a credible socially-liberal alternative to the conservative status quo in Slovakia.
Yang Qingning : In March 2018, she issued her second solo single, "Loving Your Smile".
Yang Qingning : In early 2018, Yang Qingning invested in ifashion, a brand owned by Taobao, and set up an online store on Taobao mall, mainly selling women's fashion.
Yang Qingning : From October to December, she released more songs, such as "Little Sun, If There is No If, A Little Princess".
Yang Qingning : In 2014, Yang Qingning, at age 16, joined the network broadcast platform and opened Sina Weibo.
Alicia García-Herrero : García-Herrero has worked in BBVA as the chief economist for emerging markets focusing on European and Asian economic and financial issues.
Alicia García-Herrero : Her research work and opinions are quoted by the media, such as by Bloomberg, CNBC, CNN, Reuters, the Financial Times and Forbes.
Alicia García-Herrero : Regarding previous academic positions, García-Herrero was a visiting faculty member of CEIBS (China), adjunct professor at Lingnan University (HKSAR), visiting professor at Johns Hopkins University (Italy), a research fellow at Elcano Royal Institute, assistant professor at Universidad Carlos III (Spain), and associate professor at Universidad Autonoma de Madrid (Spain).
Alicia García-Herrero : She has also conducted graduate studies in International Economics at Kiel Institute of World Economics and holds a PhD in Economics from George Washington University.
Hsieh Fen-fen : As the first woman Juvenile Affairs Division chief in Taiwan, Hsieh established the Spring Wind Program to limit minors' access to certain areas after midnight.
Kyle South : Stephen Kyle South (born August 29, 1981) is an American politician who has served in the Alabama House of Representatives from the 16th district since 2014.
Sanubar Tursun : Sanubar Tursun (; born 1971) is a Uyghur female singer-songwriter, famous "dutar" player and researcher for Uyghur Muqams.
Park Min-seo : Park Min-seo (; born 30 June 1998) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a forward for Asan Mugunghwa.
Han Zaifen : Han Zaifen (born 20 March 1968) is a Chinese performer of Huangmei opera who is widely regarded as a Huangmei opera superstar.
Jun T. Lai : Jun T. Lai, as a part of a group of female artists, uses her work to criticize the social norm which emphasizes the artist's female identity.
Jun T. Lai : By the mid to late 1980s, Lai's works were exhibited in major public museums and major art museums in Taiwan.
Jun T. Lai : Jun T. Lai (1953– ) is a Taiwanese artist, her practice includes sculpture, painting, public art, and other fields.
Jun T. Lai : Jun T. Lai was born to an intellectual family in Taipei, where she learned about music, dance, and painting in her childhood.
Kim Geon-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Geon-hee : She participated at the 2019 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, winning a medal.
Jiang Xiaojuan : She was elected President of the Chinese Public Administration Society in 2019.
So Chae-won : So Chae-won ( ; born 12 November 1997) is a South Korean compound archer.
Lee Chang-wook : Lee Chang-wook (born June 2, 1984) is a South Korean actor.
Peng Xiaoran : She is best known for her breakout role in the 2019 hit web-drama "Goodbye My Princess".
Peng Xiaoran : Peng Xiaoran (, born 3 December 1990) is a Chinese actress and host.
Aïssata Issoufou Mahamadou : On May 19, 2012, Aïssata Issoufou Mahamadou visited The King Center in Atlanta and met with its CEO, Bernice King, of part of her trip to the United States, where she was seeking support to alleviate poverty and lack of healthcare in Niger.
Ulan Tuya : In June 2011, she officially entered the entertainment business with the release of the song "Horse Pole," which allowed her to gain more attention.
Ulan Tuya : In 2019, she attended the 2019 CCTV Spring Festival Gala with Shi Peng, Sha Yi, Hu Ke, Yun Duo, and Yun Fei, and performed the song "Praise the New Era" at the live broadcast party.
Ulan Tuya : Ulan Tuya was born on September 7, 1983 in Horqin Grassland, Inner Mongolia, China and graduated from Minzu University of China.
Ulan Tuya : Ulan Tuya (; born September 7, 1983, also known as Ulan Tuyo or Wulan Tuya) is a Chinese singer, songwriter and composer of Mongolian ethnicity.
Pitha Haningtyas Mentari : She won the gold medal at the 2017 World Junior Championships and a bronze medal at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the mixed doubles with Rinov Rivaldy.
Chris Yen : Later in 1985, she contested at the First International Wushu Invitational Tournament in Xi'an from 22 to 28 August, she was placed in the third place of the Women's Changquan competition and received a bronze medal.
Susan E. Mayer : Mayer received a bachelor's degree in Sociology from Indiana University in 1974, and a Master's degree in sociology from the same institution in 1981.
Călin Popescu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Antonio de Oliveira : Antonio de Oliveira (born August 12, 1940), is a former Brazilian soccer player who played in the NASL.
Kim Heon-jeong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary Cheung : She was baptised as a Protestant in 1985.
Mary Cheung : She was left in the streets as a vagrant to fend for herself for two years, before she was discovered and referred to the Social Welfare Department, and was taken to a charity organization Po Leung Kuk for adoption.
Lai Kuan Hua : Lai Kuan Hua (born 23 July 1981) is a Taiwanese former road cyclist, who was a professional from 2002 until 2010 with the Giant Asia Racing Team .
Na Hye-mi : Na Hye-mi (Korean language: 나혜미, born on February 24, 1991) is a South Korean actress and model.
Na Hye-mi : The couple got married on July 1, 2017 at Youngnak Church in Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea.
Fabiana Rosales : Rosales met Juan Guaidó at a youth rally, and they married in 2013.
Fabiana Rosales : She worked in Mérida state for a city council as a press officer, and later held a similar position after moving to Caracas.
Fabiana Rosales : She has stated that a motivating factor for her is that she does not "want [her] daughter to grow up wanting to leave Venezuela", and that she is "working for [her] daughter to inherit a better country".
Fabiana Rosales : Fabiana Andreina Rosales Guerrero (born 22 April 1992 in Tovar, Mérida State, Venezuela) also known as Fabiana Rosales de Guaidó is a Venezuelan journalist and social media human rights activist.
Fabiana Rosales : During the Venezuelan presidential crisis, Guaidó was designated acting president by the Venezuelan National Assembly, contesting the legitimacy of Nicolás Maduro.
Fabiana Rosales : Rosales started in Latin America, meeting with Martín Vizcarra and Sebastián Piñera, presidents of Peru and Chile respectively, in March 2019.
Mathieu Laurent : Mathieu Simon Laurent (born 28 February 1996) is a Canadian professional soccer player who most recently played as a defender for USL Championship club Birmingham Legion.
Han Jingna : She later worked as a Chinese national youth team coach starting in 2006.
Han Jingna : She was part of national teams that clinched the 1995 Sudirman Cup in Lausanne, and the 1998 Uber Cup in Hong Kong, She won the silver medal for women's singles at the 1995 World Championships by upsetting South Korea's Bang Soo-hyun in the semifinals before falling to Chinese teammate Ye Zhaoying in the finals.
Han Jingna : Han Jingna (; born 16 January 1975) is a Chinese retired badminton player who rated among the world's leading women's singles players in the 1990s.
Gao Lu : In 2019, she starred as Wu Fei, reuniting her with co-star Yao Chen, who played the female lead role, in the drama television series "All Is Well", the series was one of the most watched ones in mainland China during its broadcast.
Morgan Ortagus : From 2007 to 2008, Ortagus was a public affairs officer at United States Agency for International Development (USAID) under the George W. Bush administration, spending several months in Baghdad, Iraq.
Morgan Ortagus : In 2008, Ortagus joined the U.S. Treasury Department, working as an Intelligence Analyst within the Treasury's Office of Intelligence and Analysis covering North Africa and Middle East regions.
Gu Xiao : Gu Xiao (, born 18 March 1993) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.
Alisa Takigawa : Takigawa was born in Tokyo on May 8, 1991.
Alisa Takigawa : That song, "Season", was released as her first single on March 4, 2015; the title song was used as the closing theme for the anime series "The Seven Deadly Sins".
Kosei Fukunaga : She currently lives in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo Prefecture.
Kosei Fukunaga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kosei Fukunaga : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kosei Fukunaga : Husheng, who had not seen her father for 16 years, traveled to China with her mother the following year to visit him.
Katie Bouman : Bouman joined the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) as an assistant professor in June 2019, where she plans to work on new systems for computational imaging using computer vision and machine learning.
Fan Jinshi : He was also an archaeologist.
Nanami Abe : She then began coaching Yuzuru Hanyu, who went on to win the 2010 World Junior Figure Skating Championships and a bronze medal at the 2012 World Figure Skating Championships.
Yuan Bingyan : Yuan Bingyan (; born 17 January 1992) is a Chinese actress.
Meng Ziyi : Meng Ziyi (; born 5 December 1995) is a Chinese actress.
Crisel Consunji : Crisel Consunji (Chinese:姬素·孔尚治, born August 31, 1984) is a Filipina-Hong Kong actress, singer, and educator.
Gordana Siljanovska-Davkova : In VMRO-DPMNE's conference at Struga, she was nominated as the candidate for the party in the presidential elections of 2019.
Frankie Lor : At 17 March 2019, Lor with Furore won Hong Kong Derby, become first Chinese trainer won Derby since 2001.
Donna Farhi : Donna Farhi (born 5 June 1959) is a teacher of yoga as exercise and the author of five books on practising and teaching yoga.
Maggie Chen : Maggie Chen (Chinese: 陈美琪 [IPA: ʈʂʊn mei t͡ɕi] Chen Meiqi; born September 24, 1955 as Chen Wenjun 陈文俊) is a Hong Kong born Chinese actress known for her role as Xiaoqing (小青) in the film "New Legend of Madame White Snake" and other roles in movies such as "Supercop 2."
Alissa Yagi : Yagi was born on July 31, 1995 in Hokkaido, Japan to a French father and a Japanese mother.
Lin Shen : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Ayaka Hironaka : Hironaka attended Keio Chutobu Junior High School, Keio Girls Senior High School, and graduated with a degree in political science at the Faculty of Law at Keio University.
Mayuko Toyota : On June 22, 2017, the Shukan Shincho reported that Toyota had verbally and physically abused her secretary on May 20, 2017.
Mayuko Toyota : In 2000, Toyota entered Harvard University as part of a government-sponsored study abroad program.
Park Tae-jun : Park joined K League 2 side Seongnam FC before 2018 season starts.
Lee Sang-jun : Lee Sang-jun (; born 14 October 1999) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a defender for Busan IPark.
Fatima Sana : Fatima Sana (born 8 November 2001) is a Pakistani cricketer.
Kristen Tsai : Kristen Tsai (born 11 July 1995) is a Taiwanese born-Canadian badminton player.
Kristen Tsai : She won gold medal at the Pan American Games in the women's doubles partnered with Rachel Honderich, and a silver medal in the mixed doubles with Nyl Yakura in 2019 Lima.
Kathryn Brush : In 2010, Brush was the curator for a SSHRC-funded exhibition on "Mapping Medievalism at the Canadian Frontier".
Adriana Lastra : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vivian Wong Shir Yee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vivian Wong Shir Yee : Vivian was elected to the Parliament of Malaysia for the Sandakan constituency in the 2019 Sandakan by-election after the seat fell vacant upon the sudden demise of her father by heart attack who was also the incumbent then.
Vivian Wong Shir Yee : She won by 16,012 votes out of the 21,595 votes cast with a bigger majority of 11,521 votes.
Zhao Yang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhao Yang : Zhao Yang (; born 11 December 1985) is a Chinese former footballer.
Gladys Liu : In 1985, Liu immigrated to Australia to study at La Trobe University.
Gladys Liu : Gladys Liu (born 6 April 1964) is a Hong Kong-born Australian politician, a Liberal Party member of the Australian House of Representatives representing the Division of Chisholm in Victoria since her election in May 2019.
Ryosuke Kojima : On May 24, 2019, Kojima has been called by Japan's head coach Hajime Moriyasu to feature in the Copa América played in Brazil.
Ryosuke Kojima : After attending Waseda University, Kojima joined Oita Trinita in October 2018 for the upcoming season.
Sang Hong : She competed in the women's tournaments at the 1998 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Xu Lei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Chia-fen : Lee Chia-fen (; born 10 August 1963) is a Taiwanese educator and politician and the wife of Han Kuo-yu.
Will Vaughan : Will Vaughan is an English professional rugby union player who plays as a loosehead prop for Premiership Rugby club Bath.
Will Vaughan : On 25 January 2019 it was announced that Vaughan would be promoted from the Bath academy squad to the senior squad for the 2019–20 Premiership Rugby season.
Indarti Issolina : She married her compatriot in Indonesia national team, Wahyu Agung Setiawan, in June 2001.
Indarti Issolina : Indarti Issolina (born 10 February 1976) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in doubles events.
Emma Ermawati : She competed at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea.
Emma Ermawati : Emma Ermawati (born 6 October 1976) is a retired badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in doubles events.
Ariane de Lobkowicz-d'Ursel : A member of the Lobkowicz noble family, she is the daughter of Stéphane de Lobkowicz and Barbara d'Ursel de Lobkowicz, both members of the Brussels Parliament.
Elena Sánchez : María Elena Sánchez González (born October 22, 1994) is a Spanish female water polo goalkeeper.
Duan Aojuan : She became a member of Rocket Girls 101 after finishing fourth in the survival show "Produce 101".
Cui Yu : Cui Yu (; born 27 June 1989) is a Chinese footballer.
Jeong Yeong-a : Jeong Yeong-a (born 9 December 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Gyeongju Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power and the South Korea national team.
Xia Da : In December 2016, Xia Da issued an article on Weibo holding Summer Island Studio responsible for an unequal contract agreement set to last for 10 years.
Nozomi Nishida : She initially considered going to Germany, but due to a lack of available slots instead went to Denmark, where she studied for one year while in high school and learned Danish.
Nozomi Nishida : While in her second year of university, a friend recommended that she watch the anime series "Clannad".
Nozomi Nishida : In 2018, she left her agency Atomic Monkey and, after a few months of freelancing, joined Mausu Promotion.
Xifeng Wu : Wu is known for designing cohort studies for the purpose of discovering the causes of cancer and potential prevention measures.
Xifeng Wu : In March 2019, Wu was appointed Dean of the School of Public Health of her alma mater Zhejiang University.
Xifeng Wu : In 1989, she was offered a fellowship by a French professor she had met at a conference and went to France to conduct postdoctoral research at the National Laboratory of Industrial Environment and Risk Analysis.
Xifeng Wu : Her dissertation was "Genetic susceptibility, cigarette smoking, and wood dust exposure in lung cancer: Case control analyses", and her advisors were Margaret Spitz and George Delclos.
Xifeng Wu : She earned an MD at Shanghai Medical College in 1984, and a master's degree in occupational health from Zhejiang Medical University (now Zhejiang University School of Medicine) in 1987.
Ursula Smith : Ursula Honour Smith married name Oakley (born 1942) is a former English international badminton player.
Kao Chia-yu : She later won the 2005 National Assembly election and became the youngest member of the National Assembly in Republic of China history.
Kao Chia-yu : She was initially nominated by the DPP to run for the 2008 legislative election, representing Taipei City District 6, but was replaced by Luo Wen-jia, after President Chen Shui-bian returned to lead the Democratic Progressive Party as chairman.
Peng Xinyong : Peng Xinyong (; born 20 January 1973) is a Chinese former badminton player.
Jenny Horton : Helen Jennifer "Jenny" Horton (née Pritchard) is a former English badminton player.
Jenny Horton : After marrying fellow international player David Horton in 1965 she competed as Jenny Horton and won the U.S. Open Badminton Championships and the South African Championships in 1965 and from 1966 to 1968 won four titles at the Scottish Open.
Jenny Horton : Horton was selected as part of the England team that went to 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games and won a gold medal, with Ursula Smith in the women's doubles and a silver medal, with Tony Jordan in the mixed doubles.
Liang Rui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Carol Chu : Carol Chu Lai-chien (born Chu Lai-hing; 6 April 1966) is a Malaysian Chinese entertainer and former model.
Pak Un-jong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kanon Takao : After Earth Star Dream went on hiatus at the end of 2017, Takao initially remained with Earth Star Entertainment, but left the company in April 2018 after they ceased their talent management activities.
Kanon Takao : She learned to play the piano at an early age, and she won an international piano contest held in Milan, Italy, when she was 10 years old.
Yuju Wen : Her books include "Kokyokoraika" (2009), "Raifuku no ie" (2011), "Tatta Hitotsu no Watashi no mono dewa nai Namae" (2012), and "Taiwan umare Nhongo sodachi" (2015).
Yuju Wen : Wen Yuju (温又柔) (born 1980) is a Japanese writer of Taiwanese descent.
Kim Bo-hye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Bo-hye : She won a gold medal in bantamweight at the 2005 World Taekwondo Championships in Madrid.
Jung Nam-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jung Nam-suk : She won a gold medal in bantamweight at the 1989 World Taekwondo Championships in Seoul, by defeating Chen Yi-an in the semifinal, and Diane Murray in the final.
Zhou Wen : Zhou Wen (; born 1 January 1991) is a former Chinese footballer.
Kim Hye-mi : She won a gold medal in welterweight at the 2001 World Taekwondo Championships, and a gold medal at the 2002 Asian Taekwondo Championships.
Kim Yoon-kyung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Youn Hyun-jung : She won a gold medal in heavyweight at the 2003 World Taekwondo Championships in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, by defeating Chen Zhong in the semifinal, and Nataša Vezmar in the final.
Nita Violina Marwah : Nita Violina Marwah (born 25 March 2001) is an Indonesian badminton player from Exist Jakarta club.
Nita Violina Marwah : She was part of the national junior team that won the first Suhandinata Cup for Indonesia in 2019 BWF World Junior Championships.
Putri Syaikah : Putri Syaikah Ulima Hidayat (born 1 September 2001) is an Indonesian badminton player from Exist Jakarta club.
Putri Syaikah : The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Thet Htar Thuzar : Thet Htar Thuzar ( ; born 15 March 1999) is a Burmese badminton player.
Thet Htar Thuzar : She won her first International title at the Egypt International 2018.
Kim Ju-sung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ju-sung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ju-sung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ju-sung : Kim Ju-sung was selected to play for the South Korea U-20 football team in the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup and played in quarter-final match.
Ko Chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ko Chun : Wilson Ko Chun (; born 17 February 1998) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
Ai Fairouz : Fairouz was born on 6 July 1993 in Tokyo, to a Japanese mother and an Egyptian father.
Ai Fairouz : Instead, she would initially study at a graphic design vocational school before spending a year as a dental assistant.
Ai Fairouz : She was cast as Emily Orange in the multimedia franchise "Kandagawa Jet Girls" and as Eripiyo in the 2020 anime series "If My Favorite Pop Idol Made It to the Budokan, I Would Die"; she also performed the latter series' ending theme "Momoiro Kataomoi", a cover of a song originally performed by Aya Matsuura.
Monika Motsch : In 1971, she earned her doctor's degree in Sinology from Heidelberg University.
Hisako Mizui : She competed in women's singles and women's doubles at the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in women's singles at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Hisako Mizui : Hisako Mizui (born 29 March 1972) is a Japanese badminton player, born in Nara, Nara.
Yui Kobayashi : On August 21, 2015, Kobayashi along with 22 other members were announced for the newly created idol group, Toriizaka46 (now Sakurazaka46).
Louise Parker : Louise Parker (born 10 December 1942) is a Canadian gymnast.
Wang Xiaoyuan : Wang Xiaoyuan (born 12 May 1968) is a Chinese badminton player.
Wang Xiaoyuan : She competed in mixed doubles at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Yu Wai Lim : On 17 July 2016, Yuen Long confirmed the signing of Yu.
Yu Wai Lim : Yu Wai Lim (; born 20 September 1998) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
Yu Pui Hong : Yu Pui Hong (; born 7 February 1995) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
Chung Sing Lam : Chung Sing Lam (; born 14 August 1998) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Rangers.
Chen Liming : Chen Liming ( ; born 20 April 1987 in Guangzhou, China), is a Chinese-born Hong Kong footballer who is currently a free agent.
Lew Wai Yip : Lew Wai Yip (; born 19 September 1992) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division club Eastern District.
Ma Ainong : Her grandfather Ma Qinghuai was also a translator.
Ma Ainong : Ma was born in Nanjing, Jiangsu, in September 1964.
Ruth Harker : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shin Seung-ho : Shin Seung-ho (born 11 November 1995) is a South Korean actor and model.
Rika Nakai : In 2016, she was placed in Team NIII with 15 other members and performed at the NGT48 Theater grand opening.
Park Ji-suk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Ji-suk : Park Ji-suk (born 4 December 1972) is a South Korean gymnast.
Elnigar Iltebir : The Trump administration appointed her as Director for China in the United States National Security Council in August 2019.
Elnigar Iltebir : In 1992, she moved to Istanbul, Turkey with her family and lived there until she completed her high school education in Kabataş Erkek Lisesi.
Sylvia Platt : Sylvia M Platt (born 1951), is a female former swimmer who competed for England.
Ma Aixin : Her grandfather Ma Qinghuai was also a translator.
Ma Aixin : Ma's translation career commenced when, in collaboration with her sister Ma Ainong, she began to translate Joanne Kathleen Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, into English and had it published in China in October 2000.
Miona Hori : On March 28, 2013, Hori successfully auditioned for the second generation of Nogizaka46, debuting in the theater play "16-nin no Principal Deux", which showcased the newly added second generation members.
Miona Hori : On November 27, 2020, Hori released her solo song , and announced her graduation.
Miona Hori : In 2019, Hori debuted as a film actress in a leading role in the film "Hot Gimmick: Girl Meets Boy", an adaptation of Miki Aihara's manga "Hot Gimmick", playing the role of Hatsumi Narita.
Helen Lin : Lin was succeeded at the Council for Cultural Affairs by Tchen Yu-chiou in May 2000, when the Chen Shui-bian presidential administration took office.
Rebecca Buckley : She was the chairwoman of the Immune Deficiency Foundation (IDF) and Chair of the IDF Medical Advisory Committee and the J. Buren Sidbury Professor of Pediatrics and professor of immunology at Duke University Medical Center.
Sara Kolak : Sara Kolak (born 22 June 1995) is a Croatian track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw.
Zhang Yuge : On 14 October 2012, Zhang Yuge became one of the 26 shortlisted candidates during the recruitment of SNH48 first-generation members.
Yuka Kinoshita : Yuka Kinoshita began posting on her eating-focused YouTube channel since 2014, five years after her debut in Japanese competitive eating competitions.
Wang Mei-hua : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Mei-hua : Wang was promoted to economics affairs minister on 19 June 2020, succeeding Shen Jong-chin, who had assumed the vice premiership.
Tiffany Chan : Tiffany Chan (born 12 September 1993) is a professional golfer from Hong Kong.
Tiffany Chan : Chan played on the Hong Kong team in the Espirito Santo Trophy (World Amateur Team Championship) three times (2010, 2012, 2014) and the Asian Games twice (2010, 2014).
Lin Xiyu : Lin Xiyu (林希妤) (born 25 February 1996), also known as Xi Yu Lin, is a Chinese professional golfer.
Eunice Yung : In 2016, Yung became the NPP–CF candidate in the Legislative Council election, leading a seven-member ticket in New Territories East and won a seat with 36,183 votes.
Yau Wai-ching : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yau Wai-ching : With 20,643 votes, Yau edged out incumbent Wong Yuk-man to become the youngest female member of the Legislative Council.
Jennie Hwang : She is an inductee of the Women in Technology International Hall of Fame and the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame, as well as the recipient of the YWCA Achievement Award and Distinguished Alumni Award from, respectively, Case Western Reserve University and Kent State University.
Joy Burke : Joy Marie Burke (born November 7, 1990), also known by her Chinese name Bao Hsi-le (), is a Taiwanese-American collegiate and professional basketball player.
Mikiko Ando : Most recently, she competed at the 2018 World Weightlifting Championships, winning a bronze medal in the Clean and Jerk portion of the competition.
The Duffer Brothers : Matt and Ross Duffer (born February 15, 1984) are American film and television writers, directors, and producers.
The Duffer Brothers : The show is set in the 1980s Indiana and is an homage to '80s pop culture, inspired and aesthetically informed by the works of Steven Spielberg, John Carpenter, Stephen King, and George Lucas, among others.
The Duffer Brothers : After the brothers had written and directed several short films, their script for the post-apocalyptic horror film "Hidden" was acquired by Warner Bros. Pictures in 2011.
The Duffer Brothers : They relocated to Orange, California, to study film at Chapman University's Dodge College of Film and Media Arts, where they graduated in 2007.
Natalia Dyer : Dyer was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee, graduating from the performing arts high school Nashville School of the Arts.
Natalia Dyer : Dyer moved to New York City and enrolled at NYU in 2013, studying at the Gallatin School of Individualized Study.
Natalia Dyer : Natalia Danielle Dyer (born January 13, 1995) is an American actress.
Rachel Liang : Rachel Liang or Liang Wen-yin (, Rukai: Leheane Palray; born 8 April 1987) is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer.
Ge Huijie : The two were taken to the police station, and Ge was suspected of using narcotics based on a uroscopy.
Ge Huijie : Ge Huijie (born February 22, 1987) is a Chinese model.
Kang Mi-na : Music Core".
Kang Mi-na : In 2018, Kang began hosting the music program "Show!
Kang Mi-na : Kang Mi-na was born in Icheon, and later moved to Jeju City when she was eight years old.
Ariana Marie : In November 2014, she was elected Pet of the Month by Penthouse magazine.
Ariana Marie : Ariana Marie (born March 15, 1993) is an American pornographic actress, cam-girl, and dancer.
Setyana Mapasa : Setyana Daniella Florensia Mapasa (born 15 August 1995) is an Australian professional badminton player.
Gao Han : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Gao Han : She represented China at the 1992 Summer Olympics, reaching the quarter-finals of the women's 100 m and running in the first round of the 4 × 100 metres relay with team mates Tian Yumei, Chen Zhaojing, and Xiao Yehua.
Yelena Potapenko : Yelena Potapenko (born 20 April 1993), also known as Olena Potapenko or Elena Potapenko, is a Ukraine-born Kazakhstani modern pentathlete.
Gulnaz Gubaydullina : Gulnaz Radikovna Gubaydullina ( , ; born 14 February 1992) is a Russian modern pentathlete of Bashkir descent.
Gulnaz Gubaydullina : Although Gubaydullina set a new record in 200 m swimming (2:07.94) at the Olympics, she finished just 15th (following the disqualification of Chen Qian she took the 14th position).
Gulnaz Gubaydullina : At the 2017 World Modern Pentathlon Championships, Gubaydullina won the gold medal in the individual competition, becoming the second Russian woman to do so (the other being Elizaveta Suvorova in 1997).
Tanvi Lad : Tanvi Lad (born 30 January 1993) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays singles.
Gronya Somerville : Gronya Somerville (born 10 May 1995) is an Australian professional badminton player specializing in doubles.
Gronya Somerville : Somerville, born to a British mother and Chinese father, became famous when it was revealed that she is the descendant of Qing dynasty a prominent political reformer, Kang Youwei.
Camila Mendes : Mendes' first acting job was a commercial for IKEA.
Camila Mendes : Camila Carraro Mendes (born June 29, 1994) is an American actress and singer.
Camila Mendes : In May 2016, Mendes graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts.
Camila Mendes : In 2016, Mendes was cast as "silver-tongued high school sophomore" Veronica Lodge in The CW's teen drama series "Riverdale", a subversive take on the Archie Comics.
Moon Lau : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Moon Lau : In 2011, she graduated from Hong Kong Baptist University with a Bachelor of Social Sciences in Communication (Honours), majoring in Film and Media Arts.
Moon Lau : Moon Lau Pui-yuet (, born 9 September 1989) is a Hong Kong actress under Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB) management.
Moon Lau : She is also close friends with Ada Wong, William Chak, Adrian Chau, Daniel Chau, Joey Law, Roxanne Tong, Tammy Ouyang, Grace Chan, Bob Cheung, Matthew Ho and Hubert Wu.
Wong I-sheau : Wong I-sheau (汪亦岫, Pinyin: Wāng Yìxiù; born February 12, 1989 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese equestrian who competes in show jumping.
Johanna Goliszewski : Johanna Goliszewski (born 9 May 1986) is a badminton player from Germany who has worked as a sport soldier in the Bundeswehr.
Nanna Vainio : Nanna Vainio (born 29 May 1991) is a right handed Finnish badminton player who lives in Espoo in Finland.
Nanna Vainio : She first competed internationally in Latvia when she was 14 and she has been in the national team since 2008.
Elisabeth Baldauf : Elisabeth Baldauf (born 3 August 1990) is an Austrian female badminton player.
Elisabeth Baldauf : She represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Natalia Perminova : Natalia Andreevna Perminova ( ; born 14 November 1991) is a Russian badminton player.
Karin Schnaase : Karin Schnaase (born 14 February 1985) is a German badminton player.
Carla Nelte : Carla Nyenhuis (née Nelte, born 21 September 1990) is a badminton player from Germany.
Virginia Thrasher : Virginia "Ginny" Thrasher (born February 28, 1997) is an American sports shooter who won a gold medal in the women's 10 meter air rifle at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jeong Bo-kyeong : Jeong Bo-kyeong (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; RR: " " , ] ; born 17 April 1991) is a South Korean judoka.
Zoie Tam : Zoie Tam Hoi-ki (; born 10 October 1981) is a Hong Kong actress, singer and television presenter currently under Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB) management.
Chen Hsuan-yu : Wendy Chen Hsuan-yu (Traditional Chinese: ; born 1 June 1993) is an Australian badminton player who represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's singles.
Chen Hsuan-yu : She won the women's singles titles at the Oceania Championships in six consecutive years from 2015–2020.
Kate Foo Kune : Kate Foo Kune (born 29 March 1993) is a badminton player from Mauritius.
Kate Foo Kune : Foo Kune was part of the Mauritius badminton squad which won the title at the 2016 Africa Continental Team Badminton Championships in February 2016, which also confirms the participation of Mauritius in 2016 Uber Cup.
Cheung Ka Long : Cheung Ka Long (Chinese: 張家朗, born 10 June 1997) is a Hong Kong fencer.
Lee Yuen Yin : Lee Yuen Yin (born 16 July 1989) is a Hong Kong female competitive rower.
Lee Yuen Yin : She qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's lightweight double sculls, together with Lee Ka Man.
Camille Cheng : She went to French International School until the age of nine, when her family moved to Beijing for her father's engineering job.
Camille Cheng : She qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's 50 metre freestyle, 100 metre freestyle, 200 metre freestyle, and 4x100 metre medley relay.
Yvette Kong : She qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's 100 metre breaststroke, 200 metre breaststroke, and 4x100 metre medley relay.
Claudia Lau : Claudia Lau (born 11 November 1992) is a Hong Kong competitive swimmer.
Claudia Lau : She qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's 100 metre backstroke and 200 metre backststroke.
Lee Ho Ching : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Ho Ching : She qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and was selected to represent Hong Kong in the women's singles and the women's team.
Liang Xiaoyu : Liang Xiaoyu (, born 11 January 1996) is a Singaporean badminton player.
Sonia Lo : Lo Sin Lam ( , born 18 December 1992), known as Sonia Lo, is a Hong Kong windsurfer.
Ai Yanhan : Ai Yanhan (born 7 February 2002) is a Chinese competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle.
Duan Jingli : Duan Jingli (born 8 March 1989) is a Chinese competitive rower.
Zhou Yilin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ilhan Omar : Ilhan Abdullahi Omar (born October 4, 1982) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for Minnesota 's congressional district since 2019.
Ilhan Omar : She faced health care worker and conservative activist Jennifer Zielinski in the November 6 general election and won with 78.0% of the vote, becoming the first Somali American elected to the U.S. Congress, the first woman of color to serve as a U.S. Representative from Minnesota, and (alongside former Michigan state representative Rashida Tlaib) one of the first Muslim women elected to the Congress.
Ilhan Omar : A frequent critic of Israel, Omar has denounced its settlement policy and military campaigns in the occupied Palestinian territories, and what she describes as the influence of pro-Israel lobbies.
Keshya Nurvita Hanadia : Keshya Nurvita Hanadia (born 21 December 1988) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
Xu Jiaqi : On 14 October 2012, during an SNH48 press conference, Xu was announced as one of the first-generation members of SNH48.
Xu Jiaqi : On 11 November, she was promoted to SNH48 Team SII, and on 12 December, she starred in SNH48's first documentary, "MengXiang YuBei Sheng".
Lee Lewis : Lewis received the 2016 Helpmann Award for Best Direction of a Play for Griffin's production of "The Bleeding Tree".
Pan Feihong : She represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where she won the bronze medal in the lightweight double sculls event.
Devi Tika Permatasari : Devi Tika Permatasari (born 14 December 1987) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
Lin Pei-wun : She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the Women's 50 m freestyle and finished 49th with a time of 26.41 seconds.
Carlene Starkey : Carlene Starkey (born c. 1940 ) is a former American badminton player.
Chen Peina : Chen Peina (; born 19 June 1989 in Shantou, Guangdong) is a Chinese female competitive sailor.
Hadiya Khalaf Abbas : Abbas was accused by some parliamentarians of “preventing some members from submitting their interposition and turning a blind eye to their willingness to discuss a number of articles according to the constitutional rules,” a behavior other parliamentarians described as “irresponsible and illegal.”
Vũ Thị Trang : Vũ Thị Trang (born 19 May 1992) is a badminton player from Vietnam.
Phạm Như Thảo : Phạm Như Thảo (born 30 May 1996) is a badminton player from Vietnam.
Phạm Như Thảo : She won her first senior title at the 2015 Eurasia Bulgaria International tournament, by clinched two titles in the women's and mixed doubles event.
Chen Yu-hsuan : Chen Yu-hsuan (born 16 January 1993) is a Taiwanese long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.
Chen Yu-hsuan : She competed in the women's marathon event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Lê Thu Huyền : Lê Thu Huyền (born 2 June 1994) is a Vietnamese badminton player from Hanoi.
Shiori Niiyama : In April 2016 she appeared as a supporting actress on Japanese television series "Love song".
Svetha Venkatesh : Venkatesh's son, Akshay, a mathematician specialising in number theory and related topics, was one of the four Fields Medal winners in 2018.
Svetha Venkatesh : She is Indian/Australian and is an Alfred Deakin Professor in the Faculty of Science, Engineering & Built Environments, in the Department of Pattern Recognition and Data Analytics at Deakin University, as well as a professor of computer science and director of the Centre for Pattern Recognition and Data Analytics (PRaDA) at Deakin.
Kelly Fu : Kelly Fu Ka Lei (Chinese: 傅嘉莉) (born 6 January 1985) is a Hong Kong-German actress and model born in Hong Kong.
Iris Tabeling : Iris Tabeling (born 27 June 1991) is a Dutch female badminton player.
Gayle Mahulette : Gayle Mahulette (born 17 April 1993) is a Dutch badminton player.
Myke Halkema : Myke Halkema (born 29 July 1994) is a Dutch female badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Shan Xiaona : Shan Xiaona (; born 18 January 1983) is a German table tennis player.
Soraya de Visch Eijbergen : On 25 September 2018, she announced her departure from the Dutch national team and emigration to Switzerland in pursuit of further badminton ambitions.
Soraya de Visch Eijbergen : She won a bronze medal at the 2011 European Junior Badminton Championships in the mixed doubles event.
Cheryl Seinen : Cheryl Seinen (born 4 August 1995) is a Dutch badminton player.
Lin Che-yu : Lin Che-yu (; born 11 February 1993) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder at the national and club level.
Yen Ho-shen : Yen Ho-shen (; born 31 December 1990) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a centre back at the national and club level.
Huang Huai-hsuan : She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the women's 49 kg.
Risako Kawai : Kawai's Olympic gold medal was one of four won by Japan's women's wrestling team at the 2016 Rio games.
Nana Azuki : After creating the band Garnet Crow in 1999 as a indie band and in 2000 as a major band, she has been continuing providing work to a number of Giza Studio artists as Takaoka Ai, Shiori Takei, Hayami Kishimoto and Sayuri Iwata.
Zheng Shuyin : In May 2019 at the 2019 World Taekwondo Championships, Zheng lost the final against Bianca Walkden for the women's heavyweight title.
Zheng Shuyin : She represented China at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the women's +67 kg, and won the gold medal, which China has not won since 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens.
Oh Hye-ri : In 2011, she won silver at the World Championships, then in 2015, she became the world champion in middleweight.
Momoko Ando : In the same year, Ando made her novel "0.5 mm" into the film of the same name, and served as the screenwriter and director.
Kanako Takatsuki : Takatsuki is also an utaite (one who covers songs and uploads them in Niconico) under the name ; one song she covered is Konomi Suzuki's "This Game," which was used as the opening theme for the anime series "No Game No Life".
Kanako Takatsuki : Sunshine!!"
Komala Dewi : Komala Dewi (born 1 September 1989) is an Indonesian badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Garance Marillier : Garance Marillier (born 11 February 1998) is a French actress.
Sara Thygesen : Sara Thygesen (born 20 January 1991) is a Danish badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Sara Thygesen : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Maiken Fruergaard : Maiken Fruergaard Sørensen (born 11 May 1995) is a Danish badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Gong Xiangyu : Gong Xiangyu (; born 21 April 1997) is a female Chinese volleyball player.
Isabel Herttrich : Isabel Herttrich (born 17 March 1992) is a German badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Hao Jingfang : Hao Jingfang (; born 27 July 1984), is a Chinese science fiction writer.
Hao Jingfang : After noticing the economic inequality of China, she studied economics in Tsinghua University, obtained a doctoral degree in 2013, and worked as a researcher at China Development Research Foundation since then.
Hao Jingfang : She won the Hugo Award for Best Novelette for "Folding Beijing", translated by Ken Liu, at the 2016 Hugo Awards.
Mathilda Lindholm : Mathilda Lindholm (born 17 July 1995) is a Finnish badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Weng Wei-pin : Weng Wei-pin (; born 23 November 1991) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a defender for Tatung F.C.
Chen Ting-yang : Chen Ting-Yang (; born 28 September 1992) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder or a defender for Taiwan Football Premier League club Taichung Futuro.
Airi Mikkelä : Airi Mikkelä (born 5 April 1993) is a Finnish badminton player.
Sonja Pekkola : Sonja Pekkola (born 23 May 1993) is a Finnish badminton player.
Sonja Pekkola : She started playing badminton since 10 years old at her hometown, then in 2012 she joined Finnish national badminton team.
Irina Khlebko : Irina Konstantinovna Khlebko ( ; born 30 November 1990) is a Russian female badminton player.
Anastasiia Akchurina : Anastasiia Akchurina (born 14 June 1992 as Anastasia Mihailovna Chervyakova; ) is a Russian badminton player.
Anastasiia Akchurina : She won the 2009 European Junior Badminton Championships in the girls' doubles event in Milan, Italy.
Koya Kitagawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ksenia Polikarpova : Ksenia Olegovna Polikarpova ( ; Hebrew: קסניה פוליקארפובה; born 11 March 1990) is a Russian-born Israeli badminton player.
Tatjana Bibik : She won bronze medals at the European Mixed Team Badminton Championships in 2009, 2011 and 2013 with the Russian national badminton team.
Olga Arkhangelskaya : Olga Aleksandrovna Arkhangelskaya ( ; born 20 March 1981), née Olga Golovanova, is a Russian badminton player.
Ekaterina Bolotova : Ekaterina Vladimirovna Bolotova ( ; born 12 December 1992) is a Russian badminton player.
Viktoriia Vorobeva : Viktoriia Andreevna Vorobeva ( ; born 23 April 1994) is a Russian badminton player.
Victoria Dergunova : Victoria Dergunova ( ; born 27 December 1995) is a Russian female badminton player.
Elena Komendrovskaja : Elena Sergeevna Komendrovskaja ( ; born 19 May 1991) is a Russian female badminton player.
Nikita Khakimov : Nikita Dmitrievich Khakimov ( ; born 13 June 1988) is a Russian badminton player.
Nikita Khakimov : Khakimov educated economics at the Moscow State Forest University, and competed at the 2015 Summer Universiade in Gwangju, South Korea.
Anatoliy Yartsev : Anatoliy Dmitrievich Yartsev ( ; born 16 January 1993) is a Russian badminton player.
Gordey Kosenko : Gordey Kosenko ( ; born 3 January 1989) is a Russian male badminton player.
Alina Zagitova : "Small medals for short program and free skating awarded only at ISU Championships.
Alina Zagitova : In February 2017, Zagitova won the gold medal at the European Youth Olympic Festival in Turkey.
Alina Zagitova : In 2015, she moved to Moscow to be coached by Eteri Tutberidze and Sergei Dudakov.
Alina Zagitova : After the family moved back to Izhevsk in 2008, she started training with coach Natalia Antipina.
Alina Zagitova : Zagitova finished 9th at the 2016 Russian Junior Championships after placing 12th in the short program and 8th in the free skate.
Alina Zagitova : Zagitova had her first formal skating lessons as a four-year-old with Damira Pichugina in Almetyevsk, Tatarstan, where her father was a hockey coach for the Neftyanik club.
Alina Zagitova : In addition, Zagitova is also the only female skater in history to have executed two fully back-loaded programs in the 2017–18 season, prior to the implementation of the eponymous "Zagitova Rule".
Alina Zagitova : She is the youngest and second ladies' singles skater, after Yuna Kim, to win gold in all major ISU championship titles including the Junior Grand Prix Series and Final, World Junior Championships, Grand Prix Series and Final, European Championships, World Championships, and Winter Olympic Games.
Zhou Lingmei : Zhou Lingmei (born 28 March 1968) is a Chinese former cyclist.
Shi Chunlai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Panuga Riou : Panuga Riou (born 13 March 1992) is a badminton player from England.
Alyssa Lim : Alyssa Lim (born 23 January 1991) is a female badminton player from England.
Jessica Pugh : Jessica Pugh (born 17 March 1997) is a badminton player from England.
Jeon Ji-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jeon Ji-hee : She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's singles event, in which she was eliminated in the fourth round by Yu Mengyu, and as part of the South Korean team in the women's team event.
Jeon Ji-hee : Jeon Ji-hee (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; RR: " " , born 28 October 1992), born Tian Minwei (), is a Chinese-born South Korean table tennis player.
Cheng I-ching : Cheng I-ching (; born 15 February 1992) is a Taiwanese table tennis player.
Lien Chen-ling : She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's 57 kg event, in which she lost the bronze medal match to Kaori Matsumoto.
Lien Chen-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mindmaze : MindMaze draws influences from Iron Maiden, Dream Theater, Fates Warning, Queensrÿche, Riot V, Savatage, Dio, Black Sabbath, Kansas, Rush, Avantasia, Evergrey, Gamma Ray, Thin Lizzy, UFO, Saxon, and Symphony X.
Fontaine Chapman : Fontaine Mica Chapman (born 2 January 1990) is a badminton player from England.
Dona Sarkar : Dona Sarkar is a software engineer, a multi-published author, a public speaker and the owner of a fashion business.
Dona Sarkar : She is the former head of the Windows Insider software testing group at Microsoft, which she led from 2016 to 2019.
Alexandra Langley : Alexandra Langley (born 14 July 1992) is a badminton player from England.
Lau Siu-lai : Lau holds a bachelor's degree in social science, a master of philosophy in sociology, and a PhD in cultural sociology and historical sociology from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Bae Seung-hee : Bae Seung-hee (; born 20 September 1983) is a badminton player from South Korea.
Helena Lewczynska : Helena Lewczynska (born 13 February 1992) is a badminton player from England.
Jenny Moore : Jennifer Moore (born 31 August 1995) is a badminton player from England.
Jenny Moore : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elizabeth Cann : Elizabeth Cann (born 21 March 1979) is a badminton player from England.
Ilse Vaessen : Ilse Vaessen (born 15 April 1986) is a Dutch female badminton player.
Aprilsasi Putri Lejarsar Variella : Aprilsasi Putri Lejarsar Variella (born 6 April 1990) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Dieter Domke : Dieter Domke (born 9 February 1987) is a German badminton player.
Inken Wienefeld : Inken Wienefeld (born 24 February 1992) is a German female badminton player.
Kira Kattenbeck : Kira Kattenbeck (born 2 August 1992) is a German female badminton player.
Yvonne Li : Yvonne Li (born 30 May 1998) is a German badminton player.
Cisita Joity Jansen : Cisita Joity Jansen (born 31 October 1990) is a German female badminton player and of Indonesian origin.
Eva Janssens : Eva Maria Joann Janssens (born 16 July 1996) is a German badminton player.
Romina Gabdullina : Romina Eduardovna Gabdullina ( ; born 17 March 1993) is a Russian female badminton player.
Rachael Darragh : Rachael Darragh (born 24 September 1997) is an Irish badminton player who trained at the Raphoe badminton club.
Alannah Stephenson : Alannah Stephenson (born 4 December 1996) is an Irish female badminton player.
Sinead Chambers : Sinead Chambers (born 1 February 1992) is an Irish badminton player.
Barbara Bellenberg : Barbara Bellenberg (born 19 July 1993) is a German female badminton player.
Solángel Guzmán : Solángel Guzmán Pérez (born 21 December 1984) is a Cuban female badminton player, and now represented Trinidad and Tobago.
Rong Schafer : In 2009, she won the Estonian International tournament in women's doubles event.
Rong Schafer : Rong Schafer born Bo (, born 6 October 1985) is a Chinese female badminton player, and now represented American.
Zhao Yue : On 18 January 2014, Zhao participated in SNH48's Red and White Concert.
Zhao Yue : In the finale aired on 4 July 2020, Zhao finished in 2nd place, securing her place in the debut group BonBon Girls 303.
Kyoka Shibata : She is chosen as one of the "Ribon" Girls in 2009.
Ryosuke Shirahama : !
Ryosuke Shirahama : 253 ||132 || 17.3 || 40.5 || 33.2 || 63.2 || 1.9 || 1.5 || 0.8 ||0.2 || 5.0
Alexandra Reid : Reid released her debut extended play, "Letters to My Ex", on August 31, 2012.
Tania Oktaviani Kusumah : Tania Oktaviani Kusumah (born 13 October 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Arnaud Génin : Arnaud Génin (born 30 September 1989) is a French male badminton player.
Anne Tran : She was part of the French junior team that won the silver medal at the 2013 European Junior Championships, and in 2015 she won the silver medal in the girls' doubles, also bronze medals in the mixed doubles and team events.
Sashina Vignes Waran : Sashina Vignes Waran (born 3 August 1988) is a French badminton player.
Marie Batomene : Marie Batomene (born 10 March 1995) is a French badminton player.
Marie Batomene : She was part of the national junior team that won the silver medal at the 2013 European Junior Championships.
Laura Choinet : Laura Choinet (born 25 September 1984) is a French female badminton player.
Perrine Le Buhanic : Perrine Le Buhanic (born 1 February 1982) is a French female badminton player.
Léa Palermo : Léa Palermo (born 7 July 1993) is a French badminton player.
Delphine Delrue : Delphine Aurore Delrue (born 6 November 1998) is a French badminton player.
Lorraine Baumann : Lorraine Baumann (born 1 October 1993) is a French female badminton player.
Lorraine Baumann : She started playing badminton at aged 8 with her father and brother Marin Baumann, then in 2011, she joined France national badminton team.
Paul van Rietvelde : Paul van Rietvelde (born 7 August 1991) is a Scottish badminton player.
Deng Xuan : Joy Xuan Deng (, born 20 January 1992) is a Hong Kong badminton player of Chinese origin.
Deng Xuan : She started playing badminton in her hometown Guangzhou, and in 2010, Deng was selected to join the China national badminton team.
Suo Di : Suo Di (, born 18 February 1993) is a Chinese badminton player.
Suo Di : She won gold at the 2010 Asian Junior Championships in the girls' singles event.
Yu Wakita : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Chen Yuekun : Chen Yuekun (, born 30 October 1990) is a Chinese male badminton player, winner of the Macau and Vietnam opens.
Ruby Yap : The album was official released on 6 June 2018.
Ruby Yap : Ruby has worked with some famous and talented actors and actresses, they are Nick Cheung Ka-Fai (Hong Kong), Simon Yam (Hong Kong), Annie Liu (Taiwan), Huang CaiLun (China), Lo Koon Lan (Hong Kong), Wu Bai (Taiwan), Kaiser Chuang (Taiwan), Shiou Chieh Kai (Taiwan), Landy Wen (Taiwan), Mimi Chu (Hong Kong), Jordan Voon (Malaysia) etc.
Ruby Yap : Ruby has worked with some famous and talented directors and artiste, they are Clifton Ko Chi-Sum (Hong Kong), Nick Cheung Ka-Fai (Hong Kong), Chiu Keng Guan (Malaysia), Ho Yu Hang (Malaysia), Xie Xiaodong (China), Zahir Omar (Malaysia), Dr. Deric Gan (Malaysia), Patrick Yau Tat-Chi (Hong Kong), Sam Loh (Singapore), Sampson Yuen (Hong Kong), Chan Wai Cheong (Malaysia), Edmund Yeo (Malaysia) etc.
Angus Gilmour : Angus Gilmour (born 5 August 1990) is a Scottish male badminton player.
Rebekka Findlay : Rebekka Findlay (born 11 January 1994) is a Scottish female badminton player.
Caitlin Pringle : Caitlin Pringle (born 4 December 1993) is a Scottish female badminton player.
Hermione Corfield : She has appeared in films, including "" (2015), "Mr. Holmes" (2015), "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" (2016), "" (2017), "" (2017) and "Rust Creek" (2018).
Maria Chin Abdullah : On 18 November 2016, the Royal Malaysian Police arrested Maria under the Security Offences, Special Measures Act (SOSMA), which allows the Malaysian police to detain a person for 28 days before filing any charge.
Fabienne Deprez : Fabienne Deprez (born 8 February 1992) is a German badminton player.
Fabienne Deprez : She won the gold medal at the European Junior Championships in the team event in 2011, a silver in the mixed doubles in 2009, also two bronzes in the team and girls' singles in 2009 and 2011 respectively.
Luise Heim : Luise Heim (born 24 March 1996) is a German badminton player.
Luise Heim : Heim was the bronze medalists at the 2015 European Junior Championships in the girls' singles and mixed team event.
Jonathan Persson : Jonathan Persson (born 13 November 1994) is a German badminton player.
Kai Schäfer : Kai Hendrik Schäfer (born 13 June 1993) is a German badminton player.
Tobias Wadenka : Tobias Wadenka (born 15 October 1990) is a German male badminton player.
Annika Horbach : Annika Horbach (born 18 January 1994) is a German female badminton player.
Annabella Jäger : Annabella Jäger (born 16 July 1998) is a German badminton player.
Vanessa Seele : Vanessa Seele (born 2 February 1998) is a German female badminton player.
Lara Käpplein : Lara Käpplein (] ; born 25 May 1995) is a German badminton player.
Linda Efler : Linda Efler (born 23 January 1995) is a German badminton player who became the member of the national team in 2013.
Ramona Hacks : Ramona Hacks (born 2 November 1994) is a German female badminton player.
Franziska Volkmann : Franziska Volkmann (born 4 April 1994) is a German badminton player.
Mei Ling Young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Marko Pyykönen : Marko Pyykönen (born 30 September 1989) is a Finnish male badminton player.
Olivia Meunier : Olivia Meunier (born 13 December 1986) is a France female badminton player.
Thomas Baures : Thomas Jackie Baures (born 12 January 1998) is a French badminton player.
Ronan Guéguin : Ronan Guéguin (born 19 July 1996) is a French badminton player.
Thomas Vallez : Thomas Vallez (born 2 February 1996) is a French badminton player.
Vimala Hériau : Vimala Hériau (born 10 February 1999) is a French badminton player who affiliate with Racing Club de France.
Margot Lambert : Margot Lambert (born 15 March 1999) is a French badminton player.
Margot Lambert : She was part of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2017 European Junior Championships.
Margot Lambert : She started playing badminton at the age of 8 in Tahiti, and now affiliate with Club de l'Hermitage et du Tournonais.
Anastasiia Semenova : Anastasiia Semenova ( ; born 12 March 1999) is a Russian badminton player.
Anton Nazarenko : Anton Nazarenko ( ; born 24 July 1984) is a Russian male badminton player.
Ksenia Evgenova : Ksenia Aleksandrovna Evgenova ( ; born 19 April 1996) is a Russian badminton player.
Evgenij Dremin : Evgenij Nikolaevich Dremin ( ; born 24 February 1981) is a Russian badminton player.
Evgenia Dimova : Evgenia Aleksandrovna Dimova ( ; born 29 April 1982) is a Russian badminton player.
Ekaterina Kut : Ekaterina Vyacheslavovna Kut ( ; born 4 March 1996) is a Russian female badminton player.
Daria Serebriakova : Daria Pavlovna Serebriakova ( ; born 23 April 1995) is a Russian female badminton player.
Alina Davletova : Alina Ilgizarovna Davletova ( ; born 17 July 1998) is a Russian badminton player.
Maria Shegurova : Maria Sergeevna Shegurova ( ; born 8 June 1993) is a Russian female badminton player.
Dmitrii Riabov : Dmitrii Riabov ( ; born 17 January 1996) is a Russian male badminton player.
Vladimir Nikulov : Vladimir Nikulov ( ; born 13 April 1995) is a Russian male badminton player.
Artem Serpionov : Artem Serpionov ( ; born 13 December 1995) is a Russian male badminton player.
Artem Karpov : Artem Karpov ( ; born 23 September 1986) is a Russian male badminton player.
Victoria Slobodyanyuk : Victoria Viktorovna Slobodjanuk ( ; born 30 November 1988) is a Russian female badminton player.
Lydia Jane Powell : Lydia Jane Powell (born 18 April 1996) is a female badminton player from England.
Lisa Malaihollo : Lisa Khoeblal-Malaihollo is a Dutch female badminton player, specializing in doubles play.
Justin Teeuwen : Justin Eugené Teeuwen (born 26 December 1995) is a Dutch male badminton player.
Patty Stolzenbach : Patty Stolzenbach (born 13 November 1989) is a Dutch female badminton player.
Wu Chia-ying : Wu Chia-ying (born October 25, 1992) is a Taiwanese sport shooter.
Wu Chia-ying : She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's 25 metre pistol event, in which she placed 27th, and the women's 10 metre air pistol event, in which she placed 19th.
Zazie Beetz : In film, Beetz has appeared in the disaster film "Geostorm" (2017), and has played the Marvel Comics character Domino in the superhero film "Deadpool 2" (2018) and Arthur Fleck/Joker's neighbor in the psychological thriller "Joker" (2019).
Rosario Maddaloni : Rosario Maddaloni (born 2 August 1988) is an Italian badminton player.
Tomonori Jinnai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Indra Bagus Ade Chandra : Indra Bagus Ade chandra (born 13 July 1987) is an Italian male badminton player originally Indonesian.
Jenna Gozali : Jenna Gozali (born 24 March 1990) is a former Indonesian badminton player from the PB Djarum club.
Millicent Wiranto : Millicent Wiranto (born 29 May 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Ana Rovita : Ana Rovita (born 30 March 1991) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Ririn Amelia : She was the gold medalist at the 2011 Asian Junior Championships in the mixed doubles event with her partner Lukhi Apri Nugroho.
Dian Fitriani : Dian Fitriani (born 21 March 1993) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Apriyani Rahayu : Apriyani Rahayu (born 29 April 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player specializing in doubles.
Apriyani Rahayu : She was the gold medalist in 2019 Southeast Asian Games, and two times bronze medalists at the World Championships in 2018 and 2019.
Jauza Fadhila Sugiarto : Jauza Fadhila Sugiarto (born 16 April 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta club.
Mychelle Crhystine Bandaso : Mychelle Crhystine Bandaso (born 1 May 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player from the PB Djarum club.
Serena Kani : Serena Kani (born 7 September 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Yulfira Barkah : Yulfira Barkah (born 4 February 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player from Medan, North Sumatera, who trained at the Mutiara Cardinal Bandung club.
Yulfira Barkah : Barkah claimed her first international title at the 2016 Smiling Fish International in the women's doubles event partnered with Suci Rizky Andini.
Marsheilla Gischa Islami : Marsheilla Gischa Islami (born 25 March 1997) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Rika Rositawati : Rika Rositawati (born 7 May 1997) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Rahmadhani Hastiyanti Putri : Rahmadhani Hastiyanti Putri (born 28 January 1997) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Nisak Puji Lestari : Nisak Puji Lestari (born 12 July 1997) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Meirisa Cindy Sahputri : Meirisa Cindy Sahputri (born 29 May 1996) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Priskila Siahaya : Priskila Siahaya (born 7 December 1996) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin : Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin (born 7 July 1993) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Carissa Turner : Carissa Turner (born 6 August 1989) is a Welsh badminton and Australian rules football player.
Carissa Turner : She was part of the South Wales Universities team that finished as minor premiers in the 2020 AFL England National University League.
Nic Strange : Nicolas Strange (born 26 March 1987) is a Welsh male badminton player.
Daniel Font : Daniel Font (born 22 February 1993) is a Welsh male badminton player.
Oliver Gwilt : Oliver Gwilt (born 28 June 1993) is a Welsh male badminton player.
Aimee Moran : Aimee Moran (born 17 June 1986) is a Welsh female badminton player.
Mattias Borg : Mattias Borg (born 16 May 1991) is a Swedish male badminton player.
Emelie Fabbeke : Emelie Fabbeke (born 29 July 1986 as "Emelie Lennartsson") is a Swedish badminton player.
Emma Wengberg : Emma Wengberg (born 28 November 1987) is a Swedish female badminton player.
Clara Nistad : Clara Nistad (born 8 February 1996) is a Swedish badminton player.
Filip Michael Duwall Myhren : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Filip Michael Duwall Myhren : Filip Michael Duwall Myhren (born 4 January 1993) is a Swedish male badminton player.
Jonatan Nordh : Jonatan Nordh (born 27 April 1988) is a Swedish male badminton player.
Patrick Lundqvist : Patrick Lundqvist (born 3 June 1991) is a Swedish male badminton player.
Ou Manling : 作者： Viola Spolin
Ou Manling : 出版社：書林出版有限公司 ：1998
Ou Manling : It’s been a long time since I’ve been so touched by a piece of literature … the story is so well organized, and written with such elegance and clarity.
Ou Manling : Her first book, "Of Ribs and Joy – Women of the Bible", contains 22 stories depicting individual women, like Eve, Mary or Herodias, in their particular situations.
Ou Manling : Ou holds a BA in Foreign Languages and Literatures from National Taiwan University and a master's degree in Theater Science and English Literature from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany.
Amanda Högström : Amanda Högström (born 8 August 1989) is a Swedish badminton player.
Clara Azurmendi : Clara Azurmendi Moreno (born 4 May 1998) is a Spanish badminton player.
Clara Azurmendi : In 2015, she won the bronze medal at the Baku 2015 European Games in the women's singles event.
Rika Kihira : She is a two-time Four Continents champion (2019, 2020), the 2018 Grand Prix Final champion, a four-time Grand Prix series medalist (2018 NHK Trophy gold, 2018 Internationaux de France gold, 2019 Skate Canada silver, 2019 NHK Trophy silver), a two-time International Challenge Cup champion, and a two-time Japanese national champion (2019, 2020).
Jung Hoon-sung : Jung Hoon-sung (; born February 22, 1994) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as a winger for Busan IPark in the K League 2.
Łukasz Moreń : Łukasz Moreń (born 1 June 1986) is a Polish male badminton player.
Łukasz Moreń : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aleksandra Wałaszek : Aleksandra Wałaszek (born 1987) is a Polish female badminton player.
Kim Jeong-seok : Kim Jeong-seok played for Sanfrecce Hiroshima, Roasso Kumamoto, Renofa Yamaguchi FC and FC Kariya from 2013 to 2015.
Anna Narel : Anna Ościłowicz (born 4 January 1989 as "Anna Narel") is a Polish female badminton player.
Mateusz Dubowski : Mateusz Dubowski (born 22 November 1992) is a Polish male badminton player.
Jacek Kołumbajew : Jacek Kołumbajew (born 1991) is a Polish badminton player.
Aneta Wojtkowska : Aneta Wojtkowska (born 9 March 1991) is a Polish badminton player.
Magdalena Witek : Magdalena Witek (born 20 March 1994) is a Polish female badminton player.
Magdalena Świerczyńska : Magdalena Świerczyńska (born 4 April 1998) is a Polish badminton player.
Matilda Petersen : Matilda Petersen (born 17 February 1991) is a Swedish female badminton player.
Hikaru Saeki : She also conducted the improvement of child care environment inside the Self-Defense Forces, it was under her proposal that the JSDF issued uniforms in the type of maternity dress to pregnant service members.
Julie Finne-Ipsen : Julie Finne-Ipsen (born 22 January 1995) is a Danish badminton player from the Værløse club.
Ditte Søby Hansen : Ditte Søby Hansen (born 3 February 1997) is a Danish badminton player.
Maria Helsbøl : Maria Helsbøl (born 17 September 1989) is a Danish badminton player.
Lena Grebak : Lena Grebak (born 18 September 1991) is a Danish female badminton player.
Ma Muming : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mathias Christiansen : Mathias Christiansen (born 20 February 1994) is a Danish badminton player who joining the national team since July 2013.
Mathias Christiansen : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Emil Holst : Emil Holst (born 9 January 1991) is a Danish badminton player.
Ki Hui-hyeon : Ki was born on June 16, 1995 in Namwon, North Jeolla, South Korea.
Ki Hui-hyeon : Ki is a former Woollim Entertainment trainee and trained with members of the girl group Lovelyz.
Ki Hui-hyeon : Ki debuted under stage name Cathy as the main rapper of DIA.
Julie Dawall Jakobsen : Julie Dawall Jakobsen (born 25 March 1998) is a Danish badminton player.
Natalia Koch Rohde : Natalia Koch Rohde (born 1 August 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Marie Røpke : Marie Røpke (born 19 June 1987) is a Danish badminton player.
Marie Røpke : Her mother Lene Køppen won women's singles at the first official World Badminton Championships in 1977 and is a member of the World Badminton Hall of Fame.
Line Damkjær Kruse : Line Damkjær Kruse (born 7 January 1988) is a Danish badminton player.
Mai Surrow : Mai Surrow (born 18 September 1992) is a Danish badminton player.
Sofie Holmboe Dahl : Sofie Holmboe Dahl (born 1 November 1996) is a Danish badminton player.
Anna Thea Madsen : Anna Thea Madsen (born 27 October 1994) is a Danish badminton player.
Mia Blichfeldt : Mia Blichfeldt (born 19 August 1997) is a Danish badminton player.
Thilde Mattisson : Thilde Mattison (born 19 June 1990 as "Tilde Iversen") is a Danish female badminton player.
René Mattisson : René Mattisson (born 31 May 1986) is a Danish male badminton player.
Anne Hald Jensen : Anne Hald Jensen (born 2 March 1990) is a Danish female badminton player.
Sandra-Maria Jensen : Sandra-Maria Jensen (born 5 April 1994) is a Danish badminton player.
Mette Poulsen : Mette Poulsen (born 14 June 1993) is a Danish badminton player.
Patrick Bjerregaard : Patrick Bjerregaard (born 28 January 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Frederik Aalestrup : Frederik Aalestrup (born 27 January 1994) is a Danish male badminton player.
Mathias Moldt Baskjær : Mathias Moldt Baskjær (born 15 May 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Yap Cheng Wen : Yap Cheng Wen ( ; born 4 January 1995) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Joyce Choong Wai Chi : Joyce Choong Wai Chi (born 20 December 1995) was a Malaysian badminton player and now representing Australia.
Goh Yea Ching : Goh Yea Ching (born 19 June 1996) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Goh Yea Ching : In 2016, she won Portugal International and became the runner-up of Romanian International tournament.
Steve Olesen : Steve Olesen (born 22 December 1993) is a Danish badminton player.
Joel Eipe : Joel Eipe (born 12 March 1997) is a Danish badminton player.
Lee Ying Ying : Lee Ying Ying (李盈盈, born 25 October 1997) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Kim Hong-yeon : Kim Hong-yeon (born June 12, 1990) is a North Korean football player.
Lim Chi Wing : Lim Chi Wing (born 11 April 1995) is a Malaysian male badminton player.
Oliver Babic : Oliver Babic (born 3 June 1994) is a Danish male badminton player.
Amanda Madsen : Amanda Madsen (born 4 February 1994) is a Danish female badminton player.
Isabella Nielsen : Isabella Nielsen (born 21 August 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Kasper Dinesen : Kasper Sparre Dinesen (born 25 July 1992) is a Danish male badminton player.
Patrick Buhl : Patrick Buhl (born 16 January 1994) is a Danish male badminton player.
Andreas Berthelsen : Andreas Berthelsen (born 14 November 1993) is a Danish male badminton player.
Nicklas Mathiasen : Nicklas Mathiasen (born 8 November 1991) is a Danish badminton player.
Lasse Mølhede : Lasse Mølhede (born 25 October 1993) is a Danish badminton player.
Lasse Mølhede : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Cecilie Bjergen : Cecilie Bjergen (born 13 July 1995) is a Danish female badminton player.
Trine Villadsen : Trine Villadsen (born 11 April 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Cecilie Sentow : Cecilie Sentow (born 28 February 1994) is a Danish female badminton player.
Emilie Juul Møller : Emilie Juul Møller (born 17 October 1994) is a Danish female badminton player.
Kristoffer Knudsen : Kristoffer Knudsen (born 19 February 1991) is a Danish badminton player.
Mads Emil Christensen : Mads Emil Christensen (born 26 May 1997) is a Danish badminton player.
Camilla Martens : Camilla Martens (born 23 October 1989) is a Danish female badminton player.
Maja Rindshøj : Maja Rindshøj (born 9 April 1997) is a Danish female badminton player.
Alexandra Bøje : Alexandra Bøje (born 6 December 1999) is a Danish badminton player.
Gabriella Bøje : Gabriella Bøje (born 7 March 1997) is a Danish badminton player.
Jeppe Ludvigsen : Jeppe Ludvigsen (born 28 January 1989) is a Danish male badminton player.
Kian Andersen : Kian Andersen (born 16 October 1991) is a Danish male badminton player.
Theodor Johansen : Theodor Johansen (born 8 September 1992) is a Danish male badminton player.
Iben Bergstein : Iben Bergstein (born 20 May 1995) is a Danish badminton player.
Louise Seiersen : Louise Seiersen (born 10 January 1991) is a Danish female badminton player.
Mikkel Delbo Larsen : Mikkel Delbo Larsen (born 25 February 1985) is a Danish male badminton player.
Josephine van Zaane : Josephine van Zaane (born 8 January 1993) is a Danish female badminton player.
Celine Juel : Celine Juel (born 4 February 1993) is a Danish female badminton player.
Khosit Phetpradab : Khosit Phetpradab ( ; born 8 July 1994) is a Thai badminton player.
Arisa Higashino : The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Tinne Kruse : Tinne Kruse (born 19 November 1986) is a Danish female badminton player.
Mathias Weber Estrup : Mathias Weber Estrup (born 6 November 1996) is a Danish male badminton player.
Staša Poznanović : Staša Poznanović (born 21 October 1988) is a Croatian female badminton player.
Matea Čiča : Matea Čiča (born 30 September 1985) is a Croatian female badminton player.
Filip Špoljarec : Filip Špoljarec (born 1 May 1994) is a Croatian badminton player.
Nguyễn Thị Sen : Nguyễn Thị Sen (born 16 February 1991) is a Vietnamese badminton player from Lạng Giang, Bắc Giang.
Jakub Bitman : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jakub Bitman : Jakub Bitman (born 22 July 1988) is a Czech badminton player.
Alžběta Bášová : Alžběta Bášová (born 22 October 1993) is a Czech badminton player.
Pavel Florián : Pavel Florián (born 27 April 1987) is a Czech male badminton player.
Ondřej Kopřiva : Ondřej Kopřiva (born 24 May 1988) is a Czech male badminton player.
Šárka Křížková : Šárka Křížková (born 2 May 1990) is a Czech female badminton player.
Kateřina Tomalová : Kateřina Tomalová (born 10 April 1992) is a Czech badminton player.
Pavel Drančák : Pavel Drančák (born 18 August 1988) is a Czech male badminton player.
Silvia Garino : Silvia Garino (born 24 June 1998) is an Italian badminton player.
Lisa Iversen : Lisa Schack Iversen (born 21 June 1997) is an Italian badminton player.
Katarina Galenić : Katarina Galenić (born 23 May 1997) is a Croatian badminton player.
Paul Jefferson Vivas : Paul Jefferson Javier Vivas (born 26 May 1991) is a Filipino badminton player.
Dorotea Sutara : Dorotea Sutara (born 27 March 1996) is a Croatian female badminton player.
Dorotea Sutara : In 2007, she began to compete in international tournaments, when she was coached by badminton coach Karol Hawel from Poland.
Maja Pavlinić : Maja Pavlinić (born 14 June 1997) is a Croatian badminton player.
Maja Pavlinić : She represented her country competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China and 2019 Minsk European Games.
Zuzana Pavelková : Zuzana Pavelková (born 16 March 1992) is a Czech female badminton player.
Naru Shinoya : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Alvin Morada : Alvin Nitura Morada (born 12 April 1997) is a Filipino badminton player.
Kristjan Kaljurand : Kristjan Kaljurand (born 13 July 1992) is an Estonian male badminton player.
Kati-Kreet Marran : Kati-Kreet Marran (born 13 July 1998) is an Estonian badminton player.
Sale-Liis Teesalu : Sale-Liis Teesalu (born 14 January 1997) is an Estonian female badminton player.
Helina Rüütel : Helina Rüütel (born 11 August 1997) is an Estonian badminton player who joining national team in 2013.
Kristin Kuuba : Kristin Kuuba (born 15 February 1997) is an Estonian badminton player.
Kristin Kuuba : Kuuba competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, also at the 2015 Baku and 2019 Minsk European Games.
Karoliine Hõim : Karoliine Hõim (born 9 March 1989) is an Estonian female badminton player.
Chung Yoo-ra : She is a daughter of Chung Yoon-hoi and his ex-wife Choi Soon-sil, who has been arrested amid the 2016 South Korean political scandal for using her friendship with the president Park Geun-hye to illegally interfere in state affairs.
Chung Yoo-ra : On December 5, 2016, she received a letter from the board which revoked her high school diploma and a letter of expulsion from her college but decided to not appeal those decisions.
Sara Högnadóttir : Sara Högnadóttir (born 12 November 1995) is an Icelandic badminton player.
Margrét Jóhannsdóttir : Margrét Jóhannsdóttir (born 10 January 1995) is an Icelandic badminton player.
Wakana Nagahara : In March, Nagahara and her partner Mayu Matsumoto won their first World Tour Super 1000 title in the All England Open defeating their compatriots, the defending champion, and current world number 1, Yuki Fukushima and Sayaka Hirota in the final.
Shiho Tanaka : In 2012, she participated at the World University Badminton Championships and won the women's doubles event after beating Chinese Taipei pairs Tai Tzu-ying and Pai Hsiao-ma 22–20, 21–11.
Gan Siow Huang : Throughout her military career, she has held command and staff appointments in the SAF, including Commanding Officer of the 203 Squadron, Commander of Air Surveillance and Control Group and was Head of the Joint Manpower Department in the Ministry of Defence.
Gan Siow Huang : After her pre-university education in Victoria Junior College, Gan received a Singapore Armed Forces Merit Scholarship (Women) in 1993 and subsequently earned a Bachelor of Science from the London School of Economics.
Chen Wen-ling : She competed in the women's freestyle 69 kg event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, in which she was eliminated in the round of 16 by Ochirbatyn Nasanburmaa.
Yugo Kobayashi : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Zdeněk Sváta : Zdeněk Sváta (born 17 August 1982) is a Czech male badminton player.
Mariya Mitsova : Mariya Mitsova ( ; born 21 November 1996) is a Bulgarian badminton player.
Mariya Mitsova : In 2016, she became the runner-up at the Croatian International tournament in the mixed doubles event partnered with Alex Vlaar.
Kek Jamnik : Kek Jamnik (born 15 October 1991) is a Slovenian male badminton player.
Ben Torrance : Ben Ciaran Torrance (born 18 July 1994) is a Scottish badminton player.
Showlen Maya : Shen Show-len (born October 18, 1978), better known by her stage name Showlen Maya (or Xiulan Maya), is a Taiwanese singer of Han Chinese (father) and Bunun (mother) descent.
Showlen Maya : She has been nominated for "Best Hokkien Female Singer" (or "Best non-Mandarin Dialect Female Singer" before 2004) at the Golden Melody Awards a record 15 times, including in 11 consecutive years from 2004 to 2017.
Li Dongxiao : Li Dongxiao (born November 26, 1987) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Li Dongxiao : She competed for the China women's national field hockey team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Jinrong : Zhang Jinrong (born March 24, 1997) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Ou Zixia : Ou Zixia (born 24 September 1995) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Ou Zixia : She competed for the China women's national field hockey team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Xiaoxue : Zhang Xiaoxue (born 13 December 1992) is a Chinese field hockey player.
Park Seung-a : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Seung-a : She competed for the South Korea women's national field hockey team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
An Hyo-ju : An Hyo-ju (안효주, born 25 November 1987) is a South Korean field hockey player.
Iztok Utroša : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hsieh Chi-ta : Hsieh Chi-ta (; born 10 February 1949) is a retired Taiwanese politician who served in the Legislative Yuan from 1993 to 2002.
Chang Ko-chi : Chang Ko-chi (; born 21 November 1995) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Chang Hsin-tien : Chang Hsin-tien (; born 11 April 1996) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Chang Hsin-tien : Together they were the runner up at the 2015 Chinese Taipei Masters Grand Prix losing there to the Indonesian pair Ronald Alexander and Melati Daeva Oktaviani in the finals.
Chen Yufei : Leaving her disappointments, she returned very strong and again won series of titles.
Chen Yufei : Chen Yufei (; born 1 March 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Cheung Ngan Yi : Cheung Ngan Yi (; born 27 April 1993) is a Hong Kong badminton player.
Matijs Dierickx : Mattijs Dierickx (born 18 November 1991) is a Belgian male badminton player.
Freek Golinski : Freek Golinski (born 19 June 1991) is a Belgian male badminton player.
Nick Marcoen : Nick Marcoen (born 19 July 1994) is a Belgian male badminton player.
Flore Vandenhoucke : Flore Vandenhoucke (born 15 March 1995) is a Belgian badminton player.
Steffi Annys : Steffi Annys (born 10 May 1988) is a Belgian female badminton player.
Kenas Adi Haryanto : Kenas Adi Haryanto (born 26 June 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player from Djarum club.
Dimitria Popstoikova : Dimitria Popstoikova ( ; born 1 June 1982) is a Bulgarian badminton player.
Phataimas Muenwong : Phataimas Muenwong ( ; born 5 July 1995) is a Thai badminton player.
Phataimas Muenwong : Together they participated in the 2015 Vietnam Open Grand Prix, in the 2016 Chinese Taipei Masters and in the 2015 Chinese Taipei Open Grand Prix Gold.
Chayanit Chaladchalam : Chayanit Chaladchalam ( ; born 8 March 1991) is a Thai badminton player.
Chayanit Chaladchalam : Together they participated in the 2015 Vietnam Open Grand Prix, in the 2016 Chinese Taipei Masters and in the 2015 Chinese Taipei Open Grand Prix Gold.
Tan Wei Han : Jessica Tan Wei Han (; born 16 July 1993) is a Singaporean badminton player.
Dánica Nishimura : Dánica Nishimura Higa (born 11 September 1996) is a Peruvian badminton player.
Daniela Macías : Daniela Macías Brandes (] ; born 9 October 1997) is a Peruvian badminton player.
Vilson Vattanirappel : Vilson James-Lukas Vattanirappel (born 4 November 1992) is an Austrian male badminton player.
Chen Su-yu : Chen Su-yu (; born 19 December 1997) is a Taiwanese female badminton player.
Lee Meng Yean : Lee Meng Yean (born 30 March 1994) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Lee Meng Yean : The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Chow Mei Kuan : Chow Mei Kuan (; born 23 December 1994) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Luz Maria Zornoza : Luz Maria Zornoza Roca Rey (born 15 October 1994) is a Peruvian female badminton player.
Mother Mushroom : Bärbel Kofler, the Human Rights Commissioner for the German Federal Government, issued a statement on 11 October on the arrest: "... this would be another serious violation of the human rights principles and international rules that Viet Nam has made a commitment to uphold."
Mother Mushroom : On 29 June 2017, she was sentenced to 10 years of jail by a court in Khánh Hòa Province after being found guilty of publishing propaganda against the state.
Mother Mushroom : Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, said in a news release: "Article 88 effectively makes it a crime for any Vietnamese citizen to enjoy the fundamental freedom to express an opinion, to discuss or to question the Government and its policies.
Mother Mushroom : The United States, the European Union and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights demanded Mother Mushroom's release and stated that the government's arrest of her violated international human rights norms, as well as Vietnam's domestic laws on human rights.
Mie Nakashima : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Emi Nishikori : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Hsieh Pei-chen : Hsieh Pei-chen (; born 31 January 1988) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Hsieh Pei-chen : She won gold medal at the 2010 World University Championships in the mixed doubles event partnered with Chen Hung-ling.
Misato Aratama : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Misato Aratama : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Xiong Mengjing : Xiong Mengjing (, born 26 February 1994) is a Chinese badminton player.
Stacey Doubell : Stacey Doubell (born 23 March 1987) was a South African female badminton player.
Kana Ito : Kana Ito won the 2010 Polish Open, 2012 Croatioan International, 2012 Banuinvest International, and 2015 Vietnam International tournaments in women's singles event.
Bridget Shamim Bangi : Bridget Shamim Bangi (born 6 July 1993) is a Ugandan badminton player.
Bridget Shamim Bangi : At age 21, she finished her degree in Insurance and Banking at Ndejje University.
Hui Xirui : Hui Xirui (, born 4 January 1994) is a Chinese female badminton player.
Ogar Siamupangila : Ogar Siamupangila (born 1 September 1988) is a Zambian badminton player.
Ogar Siamupangila : Siamupangila represented her country at the 2006, 2010 and 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Berónica Vibieca : Nieve Berónica Vibieca Aquino (born 6 January 1990) is a Dominican Republic female badminton player.
Dorcas Ajoke Adesokan : Dorcas Ajoke Adesokan (born 5 July 1998) is Nigerian badminton player.
Nadine Ashraf : Nadine Ashraf (born 1 April 1993) is an Egyptian badminton player.
Menna El-Tanany : Menna El-Tanany (born 19 September 1990) is an Egyptian badminton player.
Menna El-Tanany : She was part of the national team that won the mixed team title in 2017 African Championships.
Doha Hany : Doha Hany Mostafa (born 10 September 1997) is an Egyptian badminton player.
Sadie Sink : Sink was born in Brenham, Texas.
Sadie Sink : While filming the drama movie "The Glass Castle", she became very close with Woody Harrelson, and particularly with his daughter, Makani.
Sadie Sink : She was initially the standby for all the orphans, until the original lead left, wherein she began alternating the title role for a few months, then closing the show as Duffy and understudy to Annie.
Sadie Sink : In 2015, she co-starred with Helen Mirren in "The Audience" on Broadway, as young Queen Elizabeth II.
Sadie Sink : In 2017, she played Maxine "Max" Mayfield in the Netflix original "Stranger Things".
Eiko Kano : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Jin-joo : Park Jin-joo (born December 24, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Saskia Noorman-den Uyl : Saskia Elisabeth Agatha Noorman-den Uyl (born 31 March 1946) is a retired Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).
Getter Saar : Getter Saar (born 6 June 1992) is an Estonian badminton player, currently residing in Finland.
Chiang Ying-li : Chiang Ying-li (; born 8 October 1992) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Lee Chia-hsin : She won her first international title at the 2013 Polish International in the women's doubles event partnered with Wu Ti-jung.
Lisa Joy : Her parents are both immigrants, her father is English and her mother is Taiwanese.
Lisa Joy : She is best known as the co-creator, writer, director, and executive producer of the HBO science-fiction drama series "Westworld" (2016–present).
Mariya Nagao : On December 8, 2010, together with Mina Oba, Haruka Shimazaki, Haruka Shimada, Miyu Takeuchi, Mariko Nakamura, Anna Mori, and Suzuran Yamauchi, she was promoted to a full member, but stayed unassigned to any of the three teams until 2011 when Team 4 was formed.
Chan Ting-i : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chan Ting-i : Chan Tang-i obtained her bachelor's degree in law from National Taiwan University in 1990, master's degree in law from University of London in the United Kingdom in 1990 and master of business administration from National Chengchi University in 2008.
Ra Mi-ae : Ra Mi-ae (born 8 December 1975) is a North Korean women's international footballer who plays as a defender.
Jin Suk-hee : Jin Suk-hee (born 9 July 1978) is a South Korean women's international footballer who plays as a defender.
Kim Ju-hee : Kim Ju-hee (born 10 March 1985) is a South Korean women's international footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Roman Zirnwald : Roman Zirnwald (born 25 December 1982) is an Austrian badminton player.
Céline Burkart : Céline Burkart (born 25 April 1995) is a Swiss badminton player.
Pacharapun Chochuwong : Pacharapun Chochuwong ( ; born 29 January 1996) is a Thai female badminton player.
Wannawat Ampunsuwan : Wannawat Ampunsuwan ( ; born 15 July 1993) is a Thai badminton player.
Oliver Schaller : Oliver Schaller (born 15 August 1994) is a Swiss badminton player.
Anthony Dumartheray : Anthony Dumartheray (born 2 August 1988) is a Swiss male badminton player.
Letitia Wright : Her family moved to London when she was seven years old and she attended school there.
Letitia Wright : Letitia Michelle Wright (born 31 October 1993) is a Guyanese actress.
Natalya Voytsekh : Natalya Aleksandrivna Voytsekh (; born 21 June 1992) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Yelyzaveta Zharka : Yelyzaveta Yurievna Zharka (; born 14 June 1992) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Anna Kobceva : Anna Vyacheslavivna Kobceva (; born 28 October 1986) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Yuliya Kazarinova : Yuliya Romanivna Kazarinova (; born 2 January 1992) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Vitaly Konov : Vitaly Serhiyovych Konov (; born 13 July 1987) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Vladyslava Lesnaya : Vladyslava Ruslanivna Lesnaya (; born 16 June 1996) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Darya Samarchants : Darya Rubenovna Samarchants (; born 12 March 1995) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Anastasiya Dmytryshyn : Anastasiya Volodymyrivna Dmytryshyn (; born 22 August 1995) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Lee Yi-ting : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Yi-ting : The Taichung bench of the Taiwan High Court upheld the ruling of the Miaoli District Court in December, annulling Lee's electoral victory.
Kim Sun-hye : Kim Sun-hye (born 1 January 1977) is a North Korean women's international footballer who plays as a defender.
Naoko Nishigai : Nishigai was born on January 22, 1969.
Zhou Hua : Zhou Hua (born 3 October 1969) is a Chinese footballer who played as a midfielder for the China women's national football team.
Mariya Rud : Mariya Valeriyivna Rud (; born 25 November 1992) is a Ukrainian badminton player.
Teoh Mei Xing : Teoh Mei Xing (born 6 March 1997) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Wong Wai Jun : Wong Wai Jun (born 9 June 1997) is a Malaysian male badminton player.
Nika Arih : Nika Arih (born 19 October 1998) is a Slovenian female badminton player.
Li Xiufu : Li Xiufu (born 28 June 1965) is a Chinese footballer who played as a midfielder for the China women's national football team.
Marianne Jensen : Marianne Jensen (born 14 January 1970) is a Danish footballer who played as a midfielder for the Denmark women's national football team.
Yoko Takahagi : On January 21, 1986, when Takahagi was 16 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against India.
Anastasiya Cherniavskaya : Anastasiya Igorevna Cherniavskaya ( , ; born 29 May 1992) is a Belarusian badminton player.
Ieva Pope : Ieva Pope (born 8 January 1994) is a Latvian badminton player.
Kristīne Šefere : Kristīne Šefere (born 4 December 1981) is a Latvian female badminton player.
Fatma Nur Yavuz : Fatma Nur Yavuz (born 4 January 1997) is a Turkish badminton player.
Emre Vural : Emre Vural (born 1 January 1992) is a Turkish male badminton player.
Sinan Zorlu : Sinan Zorlu (born 8 March 1995) is a Turkish male badminton player.
Ebru Yazgan : Ebru Yazgan (born 18 June 1994) is a Turkish badminton player.
Ebru Tunalı : Ebru Tunalı (born 2 January 1993) is a Turkish badminton player.
Kader İnal : Kader İnal (born 1 February 1998) is a Turkish female badminton player.
Büşra Yalçınkaya : Büşra Yalçınkaya (born 1 January 1996) is a Turkish badminton player.
Ramazan Öztürk : Ramazan Öztürk (born 19 March 1992) is a Turkish male badminton player.
Petra Polanc : Petra Polanc (born 17 August 2000) is a Slovenian badminton player.
Kristina Silich : Kristina Silich ( , ; born 15 May 1990) is a Belarusian badminton player.
Martina Repiská : Martina Repiská (] ; born 21 October 1995) is a Slovak badminton player.
Gerda Voitechovskaja : Gerda Voitechovskaja (born 15 May 1991) is a Lithuanian badminton player.
Vanmael Hériau : Vanmael Hériau (born 16 March 1995) is a French male badminton player.
Choi Soon-sil : Choi Soon-sil (] ; born June 23, 1956) is an individual known primarily for her involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal, which stemmed from her influence over the 11th President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye.
Choi Soon-sil : On 13 February 2018, the Seoul Central District Court found Choi guilty of charges of abuse of power, bribery, and interfering in government business, which extended her prison sentence by 20 years and ordered her to pay a fine of ₩18 billion (US$16.6 million).
Lin Guipu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lin Guipu : Lin Guipu (; born 21 April 1997) is a Chinese badminton player.
Ariel Shainski : Ariel Shainski (Hebrew: אריאל שאינסקי; born 2 April 1993) is an Israeli badminton player.
Ariel Shainski : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Dana Kugel : Dana Kugel (born 26 June 1997) is an Israeli female badminton player.
Alina Pugach : Alina Pugach (Hebrew: אלינה פוגץ; born 11 January 1993) is an Israeli badminton player.
Yuval Pugach : Yuval Pugach (Hebrew: יובל פוגאץ'; born 15 November 2001) is an Israeli badminton player.
Dana Danilenko : Dana Danilenko (Hebrew: דנה דנילנקו; born 19 July 2001) is an Israeli badminton player.
Margeret Lurie : Margeret Lurie (Hebrew: מרגרט לורי; born 22 April 1999) is an Israeli badminton player.
Svetlana Zilberman : Svetlana Zilberman (born 10 May 1958 as" Svetlana Beliasov") is an Israeli badminton player.
Povilas Bartušis : Povilas Bartušis (born 1 September 1993) is a Lithuanian male badminton player.
Gergely Krausz : Gergely Krausz (born 25 December 1993) is a Hungarian badminton player.
Noemi Almonte : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Negin Amiripour : Negin Amiripour ( ; born 26 August 1985) is an Iranian badminton player.
Sorayya Aghaei : Soraya Aghaei Hajiagha ( , born 28 January 1996) is an Iranian badminton player.
Bermary Altagracia Polanco Muñoz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Licelott Sánchez : Arianna Licelott Sánchez Matos (born 29 November 1995) is a Dominican Republic badminton player.
Sri Fatmawati : Sri Fatmawati (born 7 June 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.
Alfonso Alonso : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Elme de Villiers : Elme de Villiers (born 11 March 1993) is a South African female badminton player.
Sandra le Grange : Sandra le Grange (born 5 July 1993) is a South African female badminton player.
Ko Min-sung : Ko Min-sung (Korean:  ; born 20 November 1995) is a South Korean footballer.
Shevon Jemie Lai : Shevon Jemie Lai (born 8 August 1993) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Sammi Kao : Kao Sheng-mei (born 27 January 1969), also known as Sammi Kao, is a Taiwanese pop singer of Bunun and Han Chinese descent.
Sammi Kao : Kao rose to fame after singing the theme songs of 5 television dramas based on Chiung Yao's novels from 1989 to 1991, like "Mute Wife" (1990) and "Three Flowers" (1990).
Zhang Zhibo : Zhang Zhibo (, born 23 March 1982 in Liaoning Province) is a Chinese female badminton player and in 2008 she started representing Macau.
Zhang Zhibo : However, in accordance with the competition rules, players must be three years after they last competed for their country of origin before they will be able to represent the country, so her entry qualification was canceled; the Macau team also decided to withdrew from the competition.
Tien Chiu-chin : Tien won three straight elections on the Democratic Progressive Party party-list proportional representation ticket in 2004, 2008, and 2012.
Cao Lu : Cao Lu (; born August 30, 1987) is a Chinese singer, actress and television personality.
Cao Lu : Her debut showcase was at the Melon Premiere Showcase hosted by 1theK.
Wang Xin-xin : Quanzhou is well known as the birthplace of Nanyin, one of the oldest Chinese music genre.
Tang Yixin : Thereafter Tang starred in television series "Refueling Lover" (and its sequel "Happy Lover"), "The Love of Happiness" and the coming-of-age film "Les Aventures d'Anthony".
Won Jong-hyun : Won Jong-hyun (born July 31, 1987) is a South Korean professional baseball pitcher currently playing for the NC Dinos of the KBO League.
Shiao Lih-ju : In the mid-1980s, she moved to Singapore, and retired after marrying a Singaporean man in 1990.
Shiao Lih-ju : Shiao rose to fame after singing the theme songs of many popular films based on Chiung Yao's novels, like "Fantasies Behind the Pearly Curtain" (1975), "Everywhere Birds Are Singing" (1978), and "Love Under a Rosy Sky" (1979).
Kristina Vyrvich : Kristina Andreevna Vyrvich ( ; born 14 February 1997) is a Russian female badminton player.
Yana Molodezki : Yana Molodezki (Hebrew: יאנה מולודצקי; born 1 January 1996) is an Israeli badminton player.
Irina Shorokhova : Irina Andreevna Shorokhova ( ; born 12 January 1997) is a Russian female badminton player.
Aleksandr Vasilkin : Aleksandr Andreevich Vasilkin ( ; born 17 June 1997) is a Russian badminton player.
Ana Marija Šetina : Ana Marija Šetina (born 9 October 1995) is a Slovenian female badminton player.
Yantoni Edy Saputra : Yantoni Edy Saputra (born 30 April 1997) is an Indonesian male badminton player.
Lee Jian Yi : Lee Jian Yi (born 25 April 1995) is a Malaysian male badminton player.
Lim Zhen Ting : Lim Zhen Ting (born 10 August 1995) is a Malaysian male badminton player.
Ong Yew Sin : Ong Yew Sin (born 30 January 1995) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Bianca de Oliveira Lima : Bianca de Oliveira Lima (born 27 August 1996) is a Brazilian badminton player.
Pratul Joshi : Pratul Joshi (born 27 November 1994) is an Indian male badminton player.
Yap Rui Chen : Yap Rui Chen (born 29 March 1996) is a Malaysian female badminton player.
Ali Ahmed El-Khateeb : Ali Ahmed El-Khateeb (born 10 October 1990) is an Egyptian badminton player.
Nangsal Tamang : Nangsal Devi Tamang (born 28 February 1987) is a Nepalese badminton player.
Sulehri Kashif Ali : Sulehri Kashif Ali (born 6 April 1986) is a Pakistani badminton player.
Saima Manzoor : Saima Manzoor also known as Saima Waqas (born 24 March 1981) is a Pakistani badminton player.
Sara Mohmand : Sara Mohmand (born 8 January 1982) is a Pakistani badminton player.
Hinako Sakurai : Sakurai's acting debut was in the play "Soreiyu" in May 2016.
Hu Yuxiang : Hu Yuxiang (, born 22 May 1998) is a Chinese female badminton player.
Xu Ya : Xu Ya (; born 20 January 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Wen Hao-yun : Wen Hao-yun (born 4 November 1995) is a Taiwanese female badminton player.
Jiang Binbin : Jiang Binbin (; born 31 May 1996) is a Chinese badminton player.
Tang Pingyang : Tang Pingyang (; born 19 January 1996) is a Chinese badminton player.
Sonja Vectomov : As a solo artist Vectomov's concerts sometimes involve elements of installation, e.g., the transformation of a stage into a salon.
Sonja Vectomov : In the early 2000s Vectomov studied at Norwich University of the Arts, where she was awarded a Bachelor of Arts with Honours degree in 2005.
Sonja Vectomov : The title of Vectomov's experimental debut album is her self-coined portmanteau of the New Latin / Greek words lampron (bright) and phrenia (mind).
Sonja Vectomov : During the mid-1990s, Vectomov moved to Prague to assume a 1st violin chair with the Pražský studentský orchestr under the direction of .
Sonja Vectomov : Vectomov makes a cameo appearance in "H*art On", Andrea Culková's 2016 documentary film about the virtually unknown early 20th century writer Milada Součková and her husband, Devětsil-era painter Zdeněk Rykr.
Itsuki Sagara : Sagara was scouted in Takeshita street by Itoh Company during her third year junior high school's summer vacation in 2009.
Du Yue : Du Yue (, born 15 February 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Daiana Garmendia : Daiana Garmendia (born 9 September 1991) is an Argentine badminton player.
Heo Jung-eun : At age nine, she took on her first leading role in television as Geum-bi, a girl who has childhood Niemann–Pick disease in" My Fair Lady" (2016).
Wang Sijie : Wang Sijie (; born 31 December 1989) is a Chinese badminton player.
Satheishtharan Ramachandran : Satheishtharan Ramachandran (born 21 January 1997) is a Malaysian male badminton player.
Nami Matsuyama : The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Akane Fujita : In 2015, she was cast as Yukari Mizumoto in "The Idolmaster Cinderella Girls" and Megumi Uda in "High School Fleet".
Hong Jingyu : In 2012 Hong joined the EastBay Badminton Association and is representing the United States.
Panji Ahmad Maulana : Panji Ahmad Maulana (born 21 July 1997) is an Indonesian male badminton player.
Nam Sang-nam : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nam Sang-nam : Nam Sang-nam (born 15 August 1947) is a South Korean former swimmer.
Evelyn Siamupangila : Evelyn Siamupangila (born 26 January 1997) is a Zambian badminton player.
Elizaberth Chipeleme : Elizaberth Chipeleme (born 4 August 1992) is a Zambian badminton player.
Shin Eun-soo : Shin Eun-soo (born October 23, 2002) is a South Korean actress.
Tamisha Williams : Tamisha Janelle Williams (born 29 November 1982) is a Barbadian badminton player.
Anne Katrine Hansen : Anne Katrine Hansen (born 13 July 1996) is a Danish female badminton player.
Yang Xiuzhu : In 2014, Yang was detained in the United States for violations of immigration regulations.
Yang Xiuzhu : Yang evaded Chinese authorities and fled overseas from Shanghai on April 20, 2003, with her daughter, son-in-law and grandson.
Marie Louise Steffensen : Marie Louise Steffensen (born 5 September 1996) is a Danish badminton player.
Qin Wenjun : She is now Director-General of the Shanghai Board on Books for Young People (SHBBY, part of IBBY), Vice President of the Shanghai Writers Association, and a National Committee Member of the China Writers Association.
Dhanya Nair : Dhanya Nair (born 16 July 1984) is an Indian professional badminton player.
Zheng Churan : She and Xiao Meili operate an online store selling original designs about feminism on Taobao called 独品商店 (Dupinshangdian).
Zheng Churan : In December 2016, Zheng wrote an open letter to Donald Trump warning him to avoid sexist behaviour in the future.
Zheng Churan : The BBC News highlights Zheng's contributions to organizing events, her support for women's rights.
Zheng Churan : In 2015, she and four other activists (Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Wu Rongrong, and Li Tingting, collectively known as the "Feminist Five") were detained by the Chinese government just prior to International Women's Day, the day they planned to execute a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
Vania Arianti Sukoco : Vania Arianti Sukoco (born 28 August 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Andika Ramadiansyah : Andika Ramadiansyah (born 6 January 1998) is an Indonesian badminton player from the PB Djarum club.
Angelica Wiratama : Angelica Wiratama (born 25 June 1999) is an Indonesian badminton player from Exist Jakarta team.
Aníbal Marroquín : Lesvin Aníbal Marroquín Córdova (born 7 December 1992) is a Guatemalan badminton player.
Heymard Humblers : Heymard Emanuel Humblers Samayoa (born 9 March 1993) is a Guatemalan badminton player.
Chan Lai-chu, Bonni : Bonni Chan Lai-chu ( ) is a Hong Kong stage director and actress.
Chan Lai-chu, Bonni : She won a scholarship to the Hong Kong Academy of Ballet, the territory's first professional dance training school where she studied classical ballet and modern dance.
Chan Lai-chu, Bonni : The company has also staged plays by a variety of world dramatists including Jean Anouilh, Samuel Beckett, David Harrower, Henrik Ibsen, Sarah Kane, Federico Garcia Lorca, Harold Pinter, Yasmina Reza and Cao Yu and they have collaborated with a number of international theatre directors including Robert Draffin (Australia), Mikel Murfi (Ireland) and Adrian Noble (UK), Yang Jungung (Korea) and Jovanni Sy (Canada).
Chan Lai-chu, Bonni : In the year in which she graduated from the Dance Academy, she was accepted as one of the 15 students chosen for the first year of the School of Drama of the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts.
Nikté Sotomayor : Nikté Alejandra Sotomayor Ovando (born 1 July 1994) is a Guatemalan badminton player.
Mariana Isabel Paiz Quan : Mariana Isabel Paiz Quan (born 4 July 2000) is a Guatemalan badminton player.
Michelle Chan : Michelle Kit Ying Chan (born 19 May 1987) is a New Zealand female badminton player.
Sanjana Santosh : Sanjana Santosh (born 2 March 1997) is an Indian badminton player.
Arathi Sara Sunil : Arathi Sara Sunil (born 1 October 1994) is an Indian badminton player.
Rituparna Das : Rituparna Das (born 2 October 1996) is an Indian badminton player.
Rasika Raje : Rasika Raje (born 27 September 1995) is an Indian female badminton player.
Chen Chun-wei : Chen Chun-wei (; born 24 April 1997) is a Taiwanese male badminton player.
Yang Ming-tse : Yang Ming-tse (; born 29 January 1997) is a Taiwanese male badminton player.
Lee Fang-chih : Lee Fang-chih (; born 20 September 1997) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Lee Fang-chih : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Fang-jen : Lee Fang-jen (; born 20 September 1997) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Shiori Saito : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Haruka Yonemoto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuho Imai : The BWF Grand Prix has two level such as Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix.
Nozomi Shimizu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Erina Honda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Haramara Gaitan : Haramara Gaitán Fausto (born 7 August 1996) is a Mexican badminton player.
Mariana Ugalde : Mariana Ugalde Campo (born 7 January 1993) is a Mexican badminton player.
Cynthia González : Cynthia Cecilia González Saavedra (born 29 June 1992) is a Mexican badminton player.
Sabrina Solis : Sabrina Solis Martinez (born 30 August 1996) is a Mexican badminton player.
Citra Putri Sari Dewi : Citra Putri Sari Dewi (born 2 August 1996) is an Indonesian-born Singaporean badminton player.
Lee Cheuk Yiu : Lee Cheuk Yiu (; born 28 August 1996) is a Hong Kong badminton player.
Li Tingting : On 13 April 2015, Li was released, along with the other four activists.
Li Tingting : After her father was dismissed from his work, Li's mother took a factory job in Beijing, but continued to be responsible for all domestic matters.
Li Tingting : In 2012, she walked down a shopping street in Beijing wearing a bridal gown spattered with blood stains with two other volunteers to draw attention to domestic violence in China.
Mandy Lieu : Mandy Lieu stated that she does not officially have a Chinese name despite the rumour that her Chinese name is 劉碧麗.
Mandy Lieu : Mandy Lieu (born March 20, 1985) is a Malaysian-American model, actress, and TV show host based in Hong Kong.
Mikaylia Haldane : Mikaylia Roanna Haldane (born 25 February 1995) is a Jamaican badminton player.
Katherine Wynter : Katherine Wynter (born 9 February 1996) is a Jamaican badminton player.
Geordine Henry : Geordine Henry (born 21 March 1988) is a Jamaican female badminton player.
Pakin Kuna-Anuvit : Pakin Kuna-Anuvit ( ; born 2 June 1998) is a Thai badminton player.
Natthapat Trinkajee : Natthapat Trinkajee ( ; born 12 June 2000) is a Thai badminton player.
Philip Seerup : Philip Seerup (born 12 September 1997) is a Danish male badminton player.
Rasmus Kjær : Rasmus Kjær Pedersen (born 4 October 1998) is a Danish badminton player.
Ngandwe Miyambo : Ngandwe Miyambo (born 29 September 1983) is a Zambian badminton player.
Lim Chiew Sien : Lim Chiew Sien (born 14 May 1994) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Lim Jee Lynn : Lim Jee Lynn (born 25 September 1997) is a Malaysian female badminton player.
Cheah Yee See : Cheah Yee See (born 18 November 1995) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Low Hang Yee : Low Hang Yee (born 22 February 1997) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Mako Urushizaki : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Chiharu Shida : The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Dai Meng : On 14 October 2012, during an SNH48 press conference, Dai was announced as one of the first-generation members of SNH48.
Nao Ono : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yogendran Khrishnan : Yogendran Khrishnan (born 23 September 1982) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Yogendran Khrishnan : It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) which was held from 2007 to 2017.
Kim So-hye : In June 2016, Kim created her own management label, S&P (Shark & Penguin) Entertainment.
Kenya Mitsuhashi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Moe Araki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Victor Makanju : Victor Gbolahan Makanju (born 22 March 1985) is a Nigerian badminton player.
Jennifer Fry : Jennifer Fry (born 24 March 1989) is a South African badminton player.
Jennifer Fry : She was a 2015 All-Africa Games gold medalist in the mixed doubles event, also won the silver medal in the mixed team event.
Michelle Butler-Emmett : Michelle Butler-Emmett (born 4 March 1983) is a South African badminton player.
Susan Ideh : Susan Funaya Ideh (born 5 May 1987) is a Nigerian female badminton player.
Fatima Azeez : Titilayo Fatima Azeez (born 31 December 1992) is a Nigerian badminton player.
Uchechukwu Deborah Ukeh : Uchechukwu Deborah ukeh (born 12 November 1996) is a Nigerian badminton player.
Gifty Mensah : Gifty Mensah (born 7 October 1998) is a Ghanaian badminton player who joined the national team in 2010.
Yeldy Louison : Yeldy Marie Louison (born 11 November 1991) is a Mauritian female badminton player.
Allisen Camille : Allisen Camille (born 26 June 1992) is a Seychellois badminton player.
Marika Kouno : She is the second of three sisters; her older sister Rina is a dancer.
Marika Kouno : On October 1, 2019, she transferred to Aoni Production.
Saki Hatsumi : She also won three awards at the SkyTV Adult Broadcasting Awards between 2014 and 2016.
Saki Hatsumi : Her official blog also closed down on April 30, 2017.
Kan Xuan : Currently, Kan divides her time between Beijing and Amsterdam.
Kan Xuan : Kan Xuan () (born in 1972 in Xuancheng, Anhui) is a Chinese contemporary visual artist, known for her experimental video artworks, though some of her work incorporates painting, photography, and performance art.
Sung Shuo-yun : Sung Shuo-yun (; born 15 June 1997) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Sung Shuo-yun : She won her first international title at the 2019 Norwegian International.
Chen Xiaoxin : Chen Xiaoxin (, born 24 April 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Chen Xiaoxin : Chen started playing badminton in 2006, and has won some junior international tournament includes the mixed team event at the 2014 World Junior Championships.
Kuhoo Garg : Kuhoo Garg (born 22 September 1998) is an Indian badminton player.
Kuhoo Garg : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Ramchandran Shlok : Ramchandran Shlok (born 10 March 1995) is an Indian badminton player.
Lindsey Pelas : Lindsey Nicole Pelas (born May 19, 1991) is an American actress, social media influencer, entrepreneur, and model.
Angel Hong : Hongshih (born as Hong Shih-han on 7 January 1988) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who is a member of girl group Popu Lady.
Enzi Shafira : Enzi Shafira (born 21 May 1997) is an Indonesian male badminton player.
Fachryza Abimanyu : Fachryza Abimanyu (born 15 May 1997) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Bunga Fitriani Romadhini : Bunga Fitriani Romadhini (born 11 January 1997) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Jessie Li : Jessie Li (; born 5 December 1992), known professionally as Chun Xia, is a Chinese actress.
Kaya Thomas : Kaya Thomas (born 1995) is an American computer scientist, app developer and writer.
Aisha Nakiyemba : Aisha Nakiyemba (born 14 May 1993) is a Ugandan badminton player.
Kim Yoo-kyung : She competed for South Korea in the rhythmic gymnastics all-around competition at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona.
Daiki Suga : On May 24, 2019, Suga has been called by Japan's head coach Hajime Moriyasu to feature in the Copa América played in Brazil.
Hardianto : Hardianto (born 28 February 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player from Mutiara Cardinal Bandung club.
Nguyễn Thùy Linh : Nguyễn Thùy Linh (born 20 November 1997) is a Vietnamese badminton player.
Abhishek Yeligar : Abhishek Yeligar (born 20 June 1994) is an Indian badminton player.
Venkat Gaurav Prasad : Venkat Gaurav Prasad (born 29 November 1985) is an Indian badminton player.
Poorvisha S. Ram : Poorvisha S. Ram (born 24 January 1995) is an Indian badminton player who specializes in doubles and mixed doubles.
Tanupat Viriyangkura : Tanupat Viriyangkura ( ; born 10 March 1996) is a Thai badminton player.
Thanyasuda Wongya : Thanyasuda Wongya ( , born 10 November 1998) is a Thai badminton player.
Sumika Nono : As a "musumeyaku" (playing young female characters) who was skilled in dancing, acting and singing, she was billed as "Takarazuka's Maya Kitajima" (after the lead character in the manga "Glass Mask") and rose to become a top "musumeyaku" at the Takarazuka Revue in only five years.
Xu Lu : Xu Lu (, born 28 December 1994), also known as Lulu Xu, is a Chinese actress.
Bill Pinkerton : William John Pinkerton was a Scottish amateur football goalkeeper who appeared in the Scottish League for Queen's Park.
Johanita Scholtz : Johanita Scholtz (born 25 January 2000) is a South African badminton player.
Anoushka Parikh : Anoushka Ashit Parikh (born 26 March 1997) is an Indian badminton player.
Harika Veludurthi : Harika Veludurthi (born 11 September 1998) is an Indian badminton player.
Juhi Dewangan : Juhi Dewangan (born 25 May 1994) is an Indian badminton player.
Devi Yunita Indah Sari : Devi Yunita Indah Sari (born 10 June 1997) is an Indonesian female badminton player.
Rira Kawashima : "Women singles"
Rira Kawashima : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Akane Watanabe : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Akane Watanabe : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Ayaka Kawasaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yusuke Onodera : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Xiaoyi Bao : Bao's areas of research include the development of fiber sensors (e.g., for temperature, strain, pressure, refractive index, and vibration); and the use of nonlinear optical effects (self-phase modulation, cross-phase modulation, four-wave mixing, and stimulated scattering) in fibers to design sensors, instrumentation, lasers, and devices.
Fabiana Silva : Fabiana da Silva (born 27 July 1988) is a Brazilian badminton player.
Kintalo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fong She-mei : In 2004, Fong began writing children's literatures, including "White Cat Black Cat" series.
Fong She-mei : Fong She-mei () is a writer, publisher and journalist in Hong Kong.
Fong She-mei :  "The Best Ten Books Election" is held by Hong Kong Reading City every year.
Yuri Nakamura : Love & Peace".
Yuri Nakamura : Nakamura's father was a third-generation Japanese and her mother was Korean, and is a citizen of South Korea.
Nayeon : Im Na-yeon (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born September 22, 1995), known mononymously as Nayeon (Korean:  ), is a South Korean singer.
Nayeon : In 2013, she was cast as a member of 6mix, a JYP girl group that was planned but never debuted.
Chin Kah Mun : Chin Kah Mun (born 25 March 1995) is a Malaysian female badminton player.
Stephanie Lee : Stephanie Lee (Korean:  ; Korean name: Lee Jeong-ah, Korean:  , on September 14, 1993) is a Korean-American actress and model.
Gong Xiaosheng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Patricia Yapp Syau Yin : In 2010, Yapp married fellow pilot S. Thayala Kumar Ravi Varman.
Patricia Yapp Syau Yin : In 1997, in her second semester of study, she applied for the Royal Malaysian Air Force cadet programme without her parents' knowledge.
Patricia Yapp Syau Yin : After completing her flight training in 2002, she chose to be a fighter pilot and flew Aermacchi MB-339 aircraft for four years.
Anastasia Kvitko : She is famous for her 38-25-42 figure (as of 2016).
Anastasia Kvitko : Anastasia Kvitko ( ; born 25 November 1994) is a Russian glamour model and entrepreneur.
Anastasia Kvitko : She said in an interview: "I like Kim Kardashian but I don’t quite like being compared to her – she is far behind me."
Anastasia Kvitko : Kvitko was born and raised in western Russia in the Kaliningrad Oblast (region) and moved to the United States in her late teen years.
Tetsuji Sakakibara : <includeonly>Please don't delete this article because this actor or actress will play a lead or supporting role in the tokusatsu series "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger" and will continue their career and make more roles, either lead or supporting, after the end of the programme.</includeonly>
Mone Kamishiraishi : She played Kanade Ooe in "Chihayafuru", Aoi Nishimori in the live action film "L-DK: Two Loves, Under One Roof" and Nanase Sakura from the 2020 hit TBS drama "An Incurable Case of Love".
Lin Siyi : Prior to her entry into SNH48, Lin worked as a television director for Beijing TV Life Channel from August to December 2012, and as an intern editor for Board Games (Chinese: 桌游志) magazine.
Lin Siyi : In February 2018, during SNH48's fourth Request Time, Lin was transferred to Team HII as part of the SNH48 Team Shuffle.
Lin Siyi : In January 2014, Lin took part in the "SNH48 1st Kouhaku Uta Gassen", and was announced as acting captain In September, she starred in a play based on the comic "One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes".
Lin Siyi : Lin Siyi (; born April 5, 1994 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China) is a Chinese singer and actress, and member of Team HII of Chinese idol girl group SNH48.
Diego Garrido : Diego Garrido Garcia (; born 20 June 1984), commonly known as Diego Garrido, is a Spanish professional football player who is currently playing for Tercera División club Somozas.
Eduardo Praes : Eduardo Praes ( born 3 November 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern.
Brittney Tam : Brittney Shannon Tam (born 23 August 1997) is a Canadian badminton player.
Josephine Wu : Josephine Yuenling Wu (born 20 January 1995) is a Canadian badminton player.
Josephine Wu : As a junior, she has won 29 provincial titles and was a member of Team Canada at the 2012 BWF World Junior Championships and the Pan Am Junior Badminton Championships from 2008 to 2013.
Michelle Tong : Michelle Tong (born 25 January 1997) is a Canadian badminton player.
Paula la Torre Regal : Paula la Torre Regal (born 15 April 1999) is a Peruvian badminton player.
Samuel Xavier : In January 2019, Samuel Xavier signed a permanent contract with Ceará, after spending the previous campaign on loan at the club.
Kayla Itsines : In April 2015, Apple featured Itsines in an advertisement for the Apple Watch, demonstrating the heart-rate monitor feature of the product.
Kayla Itsines : She gave birth to her and Tobi’s daughter Arna in May 2019.
Kayla Itsines : In 2015, she embarked on a world tour, the "Kayla Itsines Bootcamp World Tour", leading free group fitness classes.
Kayla Itsines : In November 2016, Pan Macmillan published Itsines' first print book, "The Bikini Body 28-Day Eating and Lifestyle Guide".
Kayla Itsines : Itsines came to believe that most women seek three specific outcomes from training: smaller inner thighs, flatter abdomens, and more toned arms, while also being concerned about becoming too bulky.
Jennifer Tam : Jennifer Hoi-kw Tam (born 27 May 1996) is an Australian badminton player.
Poon Choi Ying Chi : Tsui Ting Or (born 13 June 1993), known professionally as Poon Choi Ying Chi, is a Hong Kong singer and comedian.
Lim Yin Fun : Lim Yin Fun (born 13 November 1994) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Daigenis Saturria : Daigenis Mercedes Saturria (born 2 August 1990) is a Dominican Republic female badminton player.
Katherine Langford : Langford was offered a position in the Bachelor of Arts program in Acting at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts and intended to begin studies in 2016.
Umesh Sharma : Umesh Sharma is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Carrie Yau : She handled crisis management issues relating to Vietnamese boat people, SARS, avian flu; and coordination of international events like 2000 ITU Telecom Asia and 2008 Olympic Equestrian Events.
Carrie Yau : She worked in major policies including security, building and lands, education and manpower, transport, health and food safety in bureaux and departments such as the former Environment Branch, the former Finance Branch, the former New Territories Administration, the former Civil Service Branch, the former City and New Territories Administration, the former Building and Lands Department, the former Security Branch, the former Education and Manpower Branch, the former Transport Branch and the former Chief Secretary's Office.
Mona Hanna-Attisha : Anonymous Content optioned the book rights to make a movie, to be produced by Michael Sugar and Rosalie Swedlin, and written/directed by Cherien Dabis.
Mona Hanna-Attisha : In addition to positive reviews in the New York Times, the New York Times Book Review, and the Washington Post, "What the Eyes Don't See" was named a New York Times 100 Notable Book of 2018.
Mona Hanna-Attisha : In 2016 Hanna-Attisha was the commencement speaker at Michigan State University, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Virginia Tech as well as two other universities.
Mona Hanna-Attisha : Hanna-Attisha, for her role in exposing the Flint Water Crisis and her public health advocacy in response to the crisis, was named one of Time Magazine's Most Influential People in 2016 and she was also named to the Politico 50.
Mona Hanna-Attisha : Mona Hanna received her Bachelor of Science from University of Michigan School for Environment and Sustainability, her Master of Public Health degree in Health Management and Policy from the University of Michigan School of Public Health, and her medical degree from Michigan State University College of Human Medicine.
Khaled Al-Dardour : Khaled Al-Dardour ( ; born May 23, 1996) is a Jordanian football player, who currently plays as a Forward for Al-Ramtha, Jordan and Jordan U-23.
Zhou Chaomin : Zhou Chaomin (, born 18 March 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Tomoya Takashina : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cho Yoon-sun : Cho Yoon-sun (born 22 July 1965) is a South Korean lawyer, writer and politician.
Hibiki Ōtsuki : On May 13, 2016 she won the Best Actress Award at the 2016 DMM Adult Awards which she called a major turning point that motived her to continue her AV career.
Hibiki Ōtsuki : In 2013 she won two awards at the Adult Broadcasting Awards and 4th place for Best Actress at the Pink Film Award.
Shan Honghong : Shan Honghong (born September 1959) is a professor and the Secretary of the Party Committee of China University of Petroleum (Beijing).
Cai Yanyan : Cai Yanyan (, born 15 November 1999) is a Chinese badminton player.
Cai Yanyan : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Kim In-hwa : Kim competed for South Korea in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Adele Romanski : She is married to Academy Award nominated cinematographer James Laxton, who has worked on several of the films she produced.
Adele Romanski : She graduated from Pine View School in 2001, later graduating from Florida State University in 2004.
Marta Kostyuk : Marta Olehivna Kostyuk ( ; born 28 June 2002) is a Ukrainian tennis player.
Louise Parks : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Louise Parks : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bonnie Aarons : Aarons has played small roles in several horror movies, such as "I Know Who Killed Me", "Drag Me to Hell", "The Conjuring 2", and "Mulholland Drive".
Kim Jae-woo : Kim Jae-woo (Hangul: 김재우; born 6 February 1998) is a South Korean footballer currently playing for Daegu FC in K League 1.
Yang Li Lian : Yang Li Lian (born 26 January 1993) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Chiu Yi-ying : Later that year, she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
Chiu Yi-ying : She later apologized.
Chiu Yi-ying : She later apologized.
Chiu Yi-ying : Upon taking office, Chiu became the youngest assembly member at age 25.
Chiu Yi-ying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Megumi Taruno : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sarah Sanders : Sarah Elizabeth Sanders (née Huckabee; born August 13, 1982), commonly known as Sarah Huckabee Sanders, is an American political pundit, politician and head of the Ministry of Truth, who served as the 31st White House press secretary for President Donald Trump from 2017 to 2019, the third woman to serve in that position.
Susannah Leydon-Davis : Susannah Leydon-Davis (born 5 February 1992) is a New Zealand badminton player.
Miya Muqi : Miya Muqi began modeling at the age of 14 years and is a professional Yoga instructor.
Miya Muqi : Miya Muqi (; born 20 May 1987), professional name for Mu Qimiya, is a Chinese actress who has appeared in films such as "Kung Fu Yoga" (2017), "Tomb Robber" (2014) and "The Monkey King 2" (2016).
Katherine Winder : Katherine Winder Cochella (born 23 April 1992) is a Peruvian female badminton player.
Wu Qidi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hwang Hye-youn : Hwang Hye-youn (Hangul: 황혜연; Hanja: 黃慧淵; born April 3, 1985 in Pocheon, Gyeonggi-do) is a retired female badminton player from South Korea.
Chen Chao-an : Chen Chao-an (; born 22 June 1995) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a striker for Taichung FUTURO and the Chinese Taipei national football team.
Chiu Yu-hung : Chiu Yu-hung (; born 31 August 1994) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the national and club level.
Anna Litvinenko : She is a five-time junior medallist at the British national championships and has most notably competed at the 2015 ISU Junior Grand Prix in the United States, the 2016 ISU Junior Grand Prix in Slovenia, the 2016 ISU CS Warsaw Cup, the 2017 ISU Junior Grand Prix in Latvia, the 2017 ISU CS Finlandia Trophy, the 2018 ISU Junior Grand Prix in Lithuania and the 2018 CS Inge Solar Memorial – Alpen Trophy.
Lin Yueh-han : Lin Yueh-han (; born 16 February 1993) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a defender for the national and club level.
Lin Chien-hsun : Lin Chien-hsun (; born 10 January 1993) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for the national and club level.
Ryu Won : Ryu Won (born Joo Won on November 8, 1997) is a South Korean actress.
Supanida Katethong : Supanida Katethong ( ; born 26 October 1997) is a Thai badminton player.
Supanida Katethong : In the early of 2015, she won the women's singles title at the Granular Thailand International Challenge tournament.
Ana Paula Campos : Ana Paula Galbiatti Campos (born 2 September 1994) is a Brazilian female badminton player.
Hong Il-chon : Hong Il-chon ( ; born 1942) was the first wife of Kim Jong-il.
Sun Shu-may : Sun Shu-may (born 9 January 1981) is a Taiwanese pop singer, actress and TV host who sings predominantly in Taiwanese Hokkien.
Fang Wen-lin : She has since focused on her acting career, and won Golden Bell Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries or Television Film in 2005.
Fang Wen-lin : Chen Mei-ling (born 13 June 1965), better known by her stage name Fang Wenlin (), is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Wang Ziwen : She is most known for portraying Qu Xiaoxiao in the popular Chinese television drama "Ode to Joy" and as Xuxu in "When a Snail Falls in Love".
Edo Harumi : Edo Harumi graduated from Meiji University Faculty of Literature Department of Literature Department of Drama Studies.
Bell Yu Tian : Bell Yu Tian is a songwriter and singer from Malaysia.
Carola Insolera : Carola Insolera is a Norwegian born fashion model signed with Women Management Milano.
Carola Insolera : In November 2018, Insolera was featured on the main poster of Leslie Kee's 20th anniversary photo exhibition “WE ARE LOVE” in Tokyo and in January 2019, she was featured in thirteen full pages fashion story on Vanity Fair Italia number 5 taken by Rosi Di Stefano
Carola Insolera : In 2011, she was asked to give a show at Copenhagen Fashion Week.
Carola Insolera : Since early age, she was a very active entertainer in the sign language community, has worked in television as presenter and successively was involved in various programs and shows as an actress, as well as in the circus as a clown, trapeze artist, and contortionist.
Wan Qian : On 9 November 2017, Wan Qian gave birth to her daughter at Shanghai.
Wan Qian : A haphazard chance made her enroll into the acting undergraduate program at the Shanghai Theatre Academy (STA).
Huang Yee-ling : She has released 32 Hokkien pop albums since 1987, and 3 Japanese albums between 1988 and 1990.
Huang Yee-ling : She won Golden Melody Award for Best Female Hokkien singer a record 4 times (tied with Jody Chiang), in 1999 (10th), 2006 (17th), 2009 (20th), and 2014 (25th).
Tina Pan : Pan earned a doctorate in political science at National Taiwan Normal University.
Kokone Sasaki : As an actress, "tarento" and gravure idol Sasaki is represented with Cel World Entertainment.
Kokone Sasaki : As a singer-songwriter she is represented with Ongaku Koubou You.
Halima Aden : In 2016, Aden received national media attention after competing in the Miss Minnesota USA pageant, she becoming the first contestant in the pageant to wear a burkini and a hijab.
Saori Ozaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ikumi Hisamatsu : In April 2014, Hisamatsu later entered Asia University School of Management.
Ikumi Hisamatsu : Hisamatsu later became an exclusive model of "CanCam" starting with its October issue released in August 2012.
Hsu Jung-shu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chiang Tsu-ping : Chiang Tsu-ping (; born 30 January 1978) is a Taiwanese actress and television host, best known for her television dramas.
Chiang Tsu-ping : Between 2005 and 2010 Chiang emerged as a viewers' favorite in Taiwan and other Hokkien-speaking regions for her diverse roles in long-running soap operas like "The Unforgettable Memory", "The Spirit of Love", "Mom's House" and "Night Market Life".
Fon Cin : Chang Chiao-hui (born Chang Shu-ching on 6 August 1972), best known by her stage name Fon Cin, is a Taiwanese actress.
Hiroshi Miyama : Miyama's voice gives people a sense of security and vitality ανδ is called .
Kinu Nishimura : Outside of Capcom, she has created character designs for many other games, including the "Zero Escape" series by Spike Chunsoft (although succeeded by Rui Tomono in Zero Time Dilemma) and "Culdcept Revolt" by Nippon Ichi Software, many social mobile games, anime TV series, including "Overman King Gainer", "Overlord", and "Sirius the Jaeger", and other productions, such as a stage show "Dragon, Dance With Wolves."
Ou Xiaobai : iHomo began as a service that Ou ran through social media to help homosexual friends experiencing parental and social pressure to meet others for marriages of convenience.
Ou Xiaobai : Ou has pointed out that, for some people, a marriage of convenience can cause more problems than it solves, particularly if the individual's parents live in the same city.
Wang Ou : In 2003, Wang won the Most Photogenic Award from the CCTV Modeling Competition.
Wang Ou : Wang Ou (, born 28 October 1982), also known as Angel Wang, is a Chinese actress and model.
Yuezhi Zhao : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chung Ching : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chung Ching : After completing 54 films from 1953 to 1967, many of them in the leading role, she retired from film at the height of her career to become well known as a painter using both shui-mo and Western watercolor techniques.
Chang Hsiu-ching : Chang Hsiu-ching (; born 28 May 1970) is a Taiwanese Hokkien pop singer known for her love songs.
Daniel Graßmück : Daniel Graßmück (born 8 January 1987) is an Austrian badminton player.
Ella Mai : Mai moved from London to New York City at the age of 12 and graduated from Queens High School of Teaching in Glen Oaks, Queens, before returning to England.
Ella Mai : Ella Mai Howell (born 3 November 1994) is an English singer and songwriter.
Ella Mai : "Vibe" said her "perception of the powerful emotion is kindred to R&B heartthrobs of the '90s, who flooded the radio airwaves with soulful ballads, baby-making tunes, and heart-wrenching break-up anthems."
Ella Mai : She released her second EP, "Change", in November 2016 and third, "Ready", in February 2017.
Moonbyul : Moon Byul-yi (Korean: 문별이, born December 22, 1992), better known by the mononym Moonbyul, is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress signed under RBW.
Hwasa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cardi B : In July 2018, Cardi B gave birth to her first child, a daughter named Kulture Kiari Cephus.
Kimi Hsia : She participated in the show "Guess" and won first place in the junior high school beauty contest segment and was signed by Wang's company.
Tahimara Oropeza : Taymara Oropesa Pupo (born 6 December 1995) is a Cuban badminton player.
Tseng Hsin-mei : Tseng Hsiao-ping (; born 6 August 1970), known by her stage name Tseng Hsin-mei () is a Taiwanese Hokkien pop singer and television host.
Park Ju-ri : Park Ju-ri (born 16 July 1971) is a South Korean swimmer.
Charlet Chung : Chihye "Charlet" Takahashi Chung (born February 16, 1983) is an American actress who is best known for her works in voice acting, as well as for her various roles throughout film and television.
Huang Hsiu-fang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Hsiu-fang : She was elected to the Legislative Yuan in 2016.
Patricia Kelly : Maria Patricia Kelly (born 22 November 1969) is an Irish-American singer and songwriter.
Patricia Kelly : Born in Gamonal, Spain, she came to prominence with her musical family The Kelly Family, a multi-generational pop group that achieved success in Europe in the 1990s.
Kerris Tsai : Kerris Tsai (; born 20 April 1967) is a Taiwanese Hokkien pop singer.
Danny Dun : Dun An-ning (born 1956), also known as Danny Dun, is a Taiwanese actor, director, and screenwriter.
Ouyang Nana : On March 22, 2019, Ouyang Nana's dad responded to the media saying "from my [cultural and] political background, I support the One-China Policy and 1992 Consensus“, and he felt sad for his daughter being mistreated "simply by saying the status quo", and also Democratic Progressive Party should take responsibility for Cross-Strait relations.
Yuki Shibamoto : Her father is Toshio Shiba, her mother is Kyoko Maya, and her aunt is Azusa Mano, who are all also actors.
Mini Tsai : Mini Tsai Huang-ju (; born 15 November 1987) is a Taiwanese actress, singer and television host.
Yu Igarashi : The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Tatsuya Watanabe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kohei Gondo : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Hu Ling-fang : Hu Ling-fang (; born 4 June 1998) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Kazuya Itani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jia Wang : Jia Wang is an engineer at AT&T Labs Research in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Chengzhong Xu : Chengzhong Xu from the Wayne State University, Detroit, MI was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 "for leadership in resource management for parallel and distributed systems".
Donald Disney : Donald Disney from the Avogy, Inc., Cupertino, CA was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 for contributions to power integrated circuits and energy efficiency applications.
Chiang Kai-hsin : Chiang Kai-hsin (; born 25 December 1990) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Chiang Kai-hsin : In 2015, she represented National Taiwan Normal University at the World University Badminton Championships in Gwangju, South Korea and won the silver medal in the mixed doubles event.
Julia Peng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Julia Peng : She later returned on season two as a guest singer on the Biennial Concert episode, and later on season five as one of four returning singers of the season; this time however, she failed to qualify for the finals, and she was not selected in that season's Biennial concert.
Brigitte Macron : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Brigitte Macron : Brigitte Marie-Claude Macron (] ; née Trogneux ] , previously Auzière ] ; born 13 April 1953) is a French schoolteacher who is the wife and former teacher of Emmanuel Macron, current President of France.
Brigitte Macron : On 22 June 1974, she married banker André-Louis Auzière, with whom she had three children, Sébastien Auzière, an engineer, Dr. Laurence Auzière-Jourdan, a cardiologist, and Tiphaine Auzière, a lawyer.
Chen Jiayuan : The Fujian born player joined the Singapore national badminton team in 2005 and, in 2009, officially become a Singaporean citizen.
Chen Jiayuan : Chen Jiayuan (; born 16 February 1991) is a Singaporean female badminton player of Chinese descent.
Billie Eilish : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Billie Eilish : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jeon So-yeon : She attended 20–30 auditions in her elementary school days, but did not pass any of them.
Emma Karlsson : Karlsson won her first senior international title at the 2018 Swedish Open, and at the 2019 Norwegian International she claimed two titles in the women's and mixed doubles events.
Emma Karlsson : Emma Karlsson (born 16 May 1998) is a retired Swedish badminton player.
Johanna Magnusson : Johanna Magnusson (born 15 November 1998) is a Swedish badminton player.
Jade Hameister : She delivered a TEDx Talk in August 2016 and in early 2017 presented to a combined live audience of over 12,000 students at ImagiNATION in Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane.
Jade Hameister : Jade Hameister {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 5 June 2001) is an Australian woman who, at age 16, became the youngest person in history to pull off the "polar hat-trick", ski to the North and South Poles, and cross the second largest polar icecap on the planet: Greenland.
Xiaojing Yan : Xiaojing Yan (simplified Chinese 闫晓静, last name is Yan) is a contemporary Chinese Canadian artist known for her work in sculpture, installation and public art.
Xiaojing Yan : In 2004 she received degree from George Brown College and in 2007 she received an MFA degree in sculpture from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, United States.
Dana L. Robert : Dana Robert and M.L.
Dana L. Robert : She presently serves as one of the editors of the journal "Church History".
Dana L. Robert : Daneel opened one of the first university-based Centers on World Christianity in North America.
Dana L. Robert : Since 1984, she has been the Truman Collins Professor of World Christianity and History of Mission, and the director of the Center for Global Christianity and Mission at Boston University.
Daria Bilodid : She is the 2019 World and the 2019 European gold medalist in the 48 kg division.
Tang Dan : Hailing from Anhui province, she moved to Beijing in 2004 to train under Zhang Qiang.
Yuka Ozaki : She was photographed to appear in brochures before the age of one.
Yuka Ozaki : On June 1, 2019, she transferred from Hibiki to Ken-On.
Yuka Ozaki : Ozaki's first work as a voice actress was an announcement on the music video of "broadcasting department" at the "Milky Holmes Fall Sports Festival" held on 19 September 2015, and in 2016 she made her anime debut as the main character Ado Sukinanoka in the Luck & Logic corner anime "Watashitachi, Luck-Logi-bu!"
Tiger Huang : She first performed at the Taipei live house EZ5 when it opened in 1990, and held frequent shows there.
Chen Li-chen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chang Show-foong : She resigned from the legislature on 15 March 2013.
Liang Qiuxia : After her active career, she became a coach of the Indonesian national team, coaching Olympic champion and one of the all-time greats Susi Susanti.
Anly : Anly released her second indie single "Bye-Bye" on August 26, 2015, which included a cover of Gabrielle Aplin's "Please Don't Say You Love Me".
Anly : Anly (born January 20, 1997) is a Japanese pop singer-songwriter from Ie, Okinawa.
Anly : Later that year, she was discovered at a live house in Shimokitazawa, Setagaya, Tokyo and was employed as a reporter for J-Wave for the 2015 Fuji Rock Festival and the 2015 Summer Sonic Festival.
Anly : Anly grew up without access to a computer or the Internet at home, and often listened to blues and rock CDs her father bought while strumming her guitar.
Qi Qiaoqiao : Qi Qiaoqiao (born 1 March 1949) is a Chinese businesswoman, former civil official, and elder sister to Xi Jinping, current Chinese Communist Party general secretary and Paramount leader of China.
Lisa Huang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Feng Xinduo : On July 30, 2016, during SNH48's third General Election, Feng was ranked fifth with 88,598.8 votes.
Rina Fujisawa : Rina Fujisawa (藤沢　里菜 "Fujisawa Rina", born 18 September 1998) is a Japanese professional Go player.
Javier Beirán : Javier Beirán Amigo (born May 22, 1987) is a Spanish professional basketball player for Herbalife Gran Canaria of the Spanish Liga ACB.
Fatemeh Hashemi Rafsanjani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fatemeh Hashemi Rafsanjani : Fatemeh Hashemi Rafsanjani ( ) is an Iranian politician.
Fatemeh Hashemi Rafsanjani : In 1995, she was head of Iran's delegation to the Organization of Islamic Countries' 1st symposium on women's role in Islamic society, held in Tehran.
Risa Watanabe : They were known as one of the famous pairs in the group, dubbed as Za Kuuru or The COOL (ザ・クール), ShidaRisa (志田理佐), and MonaRisa (モナリサ).
Risa Watanabe : On October 8, 2016 she made her runway debut at the fashion and music event "Girls Award 2016 Autumn/Winter", held at the Yoyogi National Gymnasium.
Risa Watanabe : On March 21, 2017 Watanabe attended the founding 45th anniversary event of the female fashion magazine "Non-no", it was announced that she will be the magazine's exclusive model along with Nanaka Matsukawa and Aina Yamada.
Lin Ching-yi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katrina Chen : She has also worked as a community organizer with ACORN, emceed for major cultural festivals, and volunteered as an executive member for several local non-profit organizations for many years.
Katrina Chen : Katrina Chen (; born 14 July 1983) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2017 provincial election.
Tan Songyun : In 2017, she starred in hit romantic comedy drama "The Fox's Summer", which won her the Best Actress award for the network section at the Asia New Media Film Award as well as the Golden Bone Flower Awards.
Safia Elhillo : Elhillo was born on December 16, 1990, in Rockville, Maryland, to Sudanese parents.
Safia Elhillo : In "The January Children", Elhillo explores themes of belonging and identity, particularly in the context of migration and nationality.
Safia Elhillo : Elhillo has shared her work on platforms such as TEDxNewYork, Under Armour’s "Unlike Any" campaign, the South African State Theatre, the New Amsterdam Theatre on Broadway, and TV1's "Verses & Flow".
Safia Elhillo : She was a co-winner of the 2015 Brunel University African Poetry Prize, won the 2016 Sillerman First Book Prize for African Poets, and has received fellowships and residencies from Cave Canem, The Conversation, and SPACE on Ryder Farm, among others.
Safia Elhillo : Her poems have appeared in many publications, including "Poetry", "Callaloo", and the Academy of American Poets’ Poem-a-day series, among others, and in anthologies including "The BreakBeat Poets: New American Poetry in the Age of Hip-Hop", "Women of Resistance: Poems for a New Feminism", and "New Daughters of Africa".
Bowinn Ma : Ma graduated from the University of British Columbia in 2008 with a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in civil engineering, which included a focus in transportation, and then from the UBC Sauder School of Business in 2009 with a Master of Management degree.
Bowinn Ma : Bowinn Ma, MLA is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2017 provincial election.
Luísa Sobral : Luísa Sobral was born and raised in Lisbon, and also lived in the United States for a period of time as a child.
Shiori Yamao : Yamao applied to join the new progressive Constitutional Democratic Party after the 2017 election.
Nidhhi Agerwal : Her schooling was at Vidyashilp Academy and Vidya Niketan School.
Ni Bowen : Ni Bowen (; born 11 July 1998) is a Chinese badminton player.
Ni Bowen : In 2016, she won the silver medal at the Asia Junior Championships in the girls' doubles event partnered with Zhou Chaomin.
Olivia Yan : Olivia Yan is a Hong Kong theatre playwright, director, actress, teacher and writer.
Nanoka : She debuted at the Gravure Japan 2011.
Nanoka : Nanoka's origin of her stage name was from Tanabata's birthday, 7 July from "Nanaka".
Trần Thị Thanh Thúy : Trần Thị Thanh Thúy (born November 12, 1997) is a Vietnamese volleyball player.
Anne Skelbæk : Anne Skelbæk (born 31 August 1990) is a Danish badminton player from the Værløse badminton club.
Peng Yu : Peng Yu (; born 26 January 1934), is a Chinese actress.
José Bolívar : José Bolívar (born 17 January 2000) is a Peruvian football player who plays as forward for Universidad San Martín in Peruvian Primera División.
Akari Kitō : In October 2019, she made her debut as a solo singer under Pony Canyon.
Cheng Chi-ya : Cheng Chi-ya (; born 26 December 1992) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Cheng Chi-ya : The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).
Maryna Ilyinskaya : Maryna Sergeevna Ilyinskaya (; born 13 March 1999) is a Ukrainian badminton player from Kharkov badminton club.
Gloria Ai : In 2016, Ai joined SAIF Partners in 2016 as Venture Partner.
Gloria Ai : Prior to Ai's entrepreneurial ventures, she was a business commentator at China Central Television Business Channel in New York and an Investment Policy Consultant at the International Finance Corporation in Washington D.C.
Gloria Ai : Ai graduated from the Harvard Kennedy School with a master's degree in Business and Government Policy, during which she served as the President of Media Group at Harvard Kennedy School.
Mio Matsumura : Announcer Minami Tanaka (currently freelancer) and other stations synchronized with tarentos Yuri Takami, Misato Nagano and others, Takami is particularly close friends such as her birthday is different from the same place for a day.
Mio Matsumura : Matsumura's TOEIC score is 940 points, STEP Eiken quasi first grade etc., fluent in the English language, directly interviewing Hollywood stars and foreign athletic players without intermediary language interpretation, contacting English well with film watching, books, magazines, newspaper articles etc.
Mio Matsumura : After graduating from Keio Shonan-Fujisawa Junior and Senior High School and Keio University Faculty of Law Department of Political Science, she completed the same Media Communications Research Institute and joined Fuji Television on 1 April 2009.
Sâmia Lima : Sâmia Raquel Passos Lima (born 8 June 2000) is a Brazilian badminton player.
Jaqueline Lima : Jaqueline Maria Lopes Lima (born 23 April 2001) is a Brazilian badminton player from Joca Claudino Esportes badminton club.
Mary Chen : Mary Chen or Chen Man-li (; born 5 February 1955) is a Taiwanese environmentalist and politician.
Moga Mogami : In 2017, she came out as bisexual.
Natalia Rogova : Natalia Mihaylovna Rogova ( ; born 29 May 1995) is a Russian badminton player from Primorye Vladivostok badminton club.
Rosie Duffield : She was criticised for this stance after it emerged that both her children had gone to grammar schools.
Rosie Duffield : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rosie Duffield : Duffield was elected to parliament in the 2017 general election with a majority of 187, defeating the incumbent Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Julian Brazier.
Kaito Anzai : On 25 January 2019, Anzai joined the reserve team of SC Braga, signing a 2,5-year contract.
Tereza Švábíková : Tereza Švábíková (born 14 May 2000) is a Czech badminton player from B.O.
Tereza Švábíková : The biggest junior international achievements: WS: 5.place at EJC 2017,1.place at Slovenia junior 2016, Cyprus junior 2014 2.place at Cyprus junior 2015, Slovakia junior 2015, 3.place at Swedish junior 2017, Hungarian junior 2017, Hungarian junior 2016, WD: 1.place at Hungarian junior 2017, Cyprus junior 2015, 2.place at Slovakia junior 2016, Hungarian junior 2016, Slovakia junior 2015, XD: 1.place at Cyprus junior 2014 2.place at Cyprus junior 2015 3.place at Czech junior 2016,Slovenia Junior.
Danica Roem : Danica Roem ( ; born September 30, 1984) is an American journalist and politician of the Democratic Party.
Danica Roem : Roem ran as a Democrat in the 2017 election for the 13th District of the Virginia House of Delegates against Republican incumbent Bob Marshall, who had held the office for the previous 25 years.
Hisako Tōjō : At the vocational school audition, the voice actor and narrator training studio (SNT) staff of the Early Wing training school looked only at Tojo and entered.
Leo Li : After graduation from Yali High School, she entered into Wuhan University and graduated in 2015.
Leo Li : In 2017, she starred her first TV drama "Kiss Love and Taste" () and started her acting career.
Tian Hua : Tian Hua (born 14 December 1928) is a Chinese actress most famous for her role of Xi Er in the 1950 film "The White-haired Girl".
Sanyogita Ghorpade : Sanyogita Ghorpade (born 5 November 1992) is a badminton player from India.
Ayako Sakuramoto : In 2017, she became the women's doubles runner-up at the Osaka International tournament partnered with Yukiko Takahata.
Rain Lee : Rain Lee Choi-wah (; born 11 November 1983) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Yukiko Takahata : Takahata started to represented national team in 2015 World Junior Championships held in Lima, Peru, and helps the team reached in to the semifinals stage.
Yoshiteru Hirobe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Naomi Wu : In addition to her public work as a maker, Wu says she also works as a professional coder in Ruby on Rails, using a masculine pseudonym to protect her identity and preclude gender discrimination; she also reviews electronics.
Naomi Wu : The article which revealed details of her personal life drew criticism from Wu and from others when according to her agreement with "Vice", such details should have been left out of the article, out of fear of retaliation by the Chinese government and also to protect her own private life.
Naomi Wu : Wu appeared on the February/March 2018 cover of "Make", which also included an article about her experiences with open source hardware in China.
Naomi Wu : On November 5, 2017 Dale Dougherty, the CEO of Maker Media, publisher of "Make:" magazine, doubted Wu's authenticity in a since deleted tweet —"I am questioning who she really is.
Naomi Wu : On International Women's Day 2017 she was listed as one of the 43 most influential women in 3D printing, a male-dominated field, by 3D Printer & 3D Printing News.
Naomi Wu : After "Vice" failed to retract the story, Wu created a video in which she made boots with tiny video screens, which briefly displayed "Vice's" editor-in-chief's home address.
Naomi Wu : One of her early designs (2015) was 3D-printed "Wu Ying" (Chinese for "shadowless") platform heels, with a compartment that hides hacker tools including a keystroke recorder, a wireless router, and lock-picking tools.
Katharina Treutler : Katharina Treutler (born in 1985 in Erfurt) is a German pianist.
Katharina Treutler : Since 2016 she has been teaching at the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig.
Katharina Treutler : Her professors were Bernd Goetzke, Jacques Rouvier, Dmitri Bashkirov and Eric le Sage.
Katharina Treutler : She has performed at the Concertgebouw Amsterdam, the Bunka Kaikan Hall Tokyo and the Davies Symphony Hall San Francisco.
Sophia Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sophia Chan : In February 2021, Chan gave approval for emergency use of the Sinovac vaccine, and granted it an exemption from a rule that stated vaccines must have third phase clinical trial data published in a journal.
Sophia Chan : She was involved in tobacco control and smoking cessation promotion and was a consultant to the World Health Organization on training health-care professionals in tobacco dependency treatment interventions through advocacy and education.
Sophia Chan : She was subsequently graduated from the University of Manchester with a Master of Education, the Harvard University with a Master of Public Health and the University of Hong Kong with a Doctor of Philosophy Degree.
Liu Yulin : With her NYU thesis film Someone to Talk To, which is adapted from her father Liu Zhenyun's award-winning novel One Sentence Is Ten Thousand Sentences, she made her feature film debut in October 2016 at the New Currents section at the 21st Busan International Film Festival.
Liu Yulin : Liu Yulin is a Chinese film director, a graduate with the Master of Fine Arts degree from the Graduate Film program of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.
Chisaki Morito : Chisaki Morito (森戸知沙希; born February 19, 2000) is a Japanese pop singer, and a 14th-generation member of Japanese girl group Morning Musume and is a former member of Country Girls up until their disbandment in 2019.
Yurie Omi : She traveled alone around Beijing, China for a month as she said she loved China and Chinese culture.
Serena Best : Serena Michelle Best {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} , is a British academic, and the Professor of Materials Science at the University of Cambridge.
Lu Ting : On January 18, 2014, Lu participated in the SNH48 Kouhaku Utagassen.
Lu Ting : Lu Ting (; born December 18, 1992 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese singer and actress, and member of Chinese idol group SNH48's Team NII.
Hoàng Thùy : She signed with PRM Models in London in 2015 and landed a fashion spread on Elle as well as Grazia shortly after, becoming the first Vietnamese model to do so.
Hoàng Thùy : Hoàng Thị Thùy or Hoàng Thùy (] ; born 15 March 1992) is a Vietnamese model and beauty pageant titleholder who attended Miss Universe 2019 as 1st Runner-up Miss Universe Vietnam 2017.
Hu Zejun : In April 2017, Hu was named Auditor General of the People's Republic of China, succeeding Liu Jiayi, becoming the first female to hold the position.
Hu Zejun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Park Hwan-hee : Park Hwan-hee (born October 13, 1990) is a South Korean actress and model.
Tsai Ling-lan : Tsai Ling-lan (; born 13 May 1942) is a Taiwanese politician.
Taiki Shimada : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Fan Sun-lu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jessica Rothe : She is known for her role in the MTV comedy series "Mary + Jane" (2016) and her lead role as Tree Gelbman in the comedy slasher film "Happy Death Day" (2017) and its 2019 sequel.
Henrique Casimiro : Henrique Madeira Casimiro (born 22 April 1986) is a Portuguese cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Kelly–Simoldes–UDO .
Alice Tangerini : In 2008, she was honored with the "Excellence in Scientific Botanical Art" award from the American Society of Botanical Artists.
Alice Tangerini : Even though she frequently relies on pressed and dried herbarium specimens as her models, she does go on location to areas such as California, Hawaii, and Guyana to see the flora in their natural environment.
Alice Tangerini : Aside from her work in illustration, Tangerini has also given lectures and taught classes on the subject at several locations, including the Smithsonian Associates, United States Department of Agriculture, Montgomery College, Virginia Commonwealth University, the Corcoran School of the Arts and Design, and the Minnesota School of Botanical Art.
Pets Tseng : Pets Tseng Pei-tzu (; born October 21, 1984) is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Cheng Kuei-lien : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jeong Ji-a : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meredith Ellis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meredith Ellis : Meredith Ellis (born September 9, 1941) is an American sprinter.
Summer Meng : She has dated television host Mickey Huang since 2014 before they registered their marriage on March 5, 2020.
Summer Meng : Summer Meng (; born 20 July 1991) is a Taiwanese actress known for her roles in television series such as "Sweet Sweet Bodyguard" (2012), "Aim High" (2014), and "Love, Timeless" (2017).
Lim Na-young : On August 22, 2019, she signed an exclusive contract with Sublime Artist Agency.
Lim Na-young : On May 24, 2019, Pristin was officially disbanded and Pledis Entertainment announced that Nayoung would be departing from the label.
Chiu Chang : Chiu studied botany at National Taiwan University before completing a master's degree in microbiology from Columbia University, while simultaneously working toward a J. D. from Columbia Law School.
Ying Er : Ying Er (, born 12 December 1988) is a Chinese actress.
Ying Er : She is best known for her roles in the television series "Sealed with a Kiss", "Xiao Ju's Spring Day" and "Decoded".
Jang Hee-ryung : Jang Hee-ryung (born November 11, 1993) is a South Korean actress and model.
Chu Fong-chi : Chu was first elected to the legislature in 1989, and retained her seat though six subsequent elections, defeating Lee Yue-chin in 2008.
Frida Tsai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Frida Tsai : In November 2015, the Democratic Progressive Party announced that Tsai had been placed on its party list for the January 2016 legislative elections.
Alexis Ren : Following the death of her mother, Ren developed an eating disorder, which she later opened up about, saying she was in "a toxic state of mind".
Alexis Ren : She launched an activewear line called Ren Active.
Alexis Ren : Her mother, a health nutritionist expert, died in 2014 due to breast cancer.
Alexis Ren : Ren dated travel influencer and surfer Jay Alvarrez from 2015 to 2017.
Alexis Ren : She was "Maxim"' s cover girl for the August 2017 issue, "Maxim"' s Mexico cover girl for the March 2018 issue, and "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" Rookie for 2018.
Joanna Lei : Joanna Lei studied at National Taiwan University before earning a master's degree and doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania in the United States.
Dong Zhiyuan : Dong Zhiyuan (Chinese: 董志远; pinyin: "Dǒng Zhìyuǎn; "born 16 March 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Dalian Chanjoy in the China League Two.
Yuka Kusunose : It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Yuka Kusunose : The BWF Grand Prix has two level such as Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold.
Lee Moon : Following the resignation of Jim Dickey, Moon served as the interim head football coach at Kansas State University during the 1985 football season, posting a record of 1–8.
Lin Wen-lang : Lin Wen-lang (; born 12 March 1945) is a Taiwanese politician.
Lin Wen-lang : In November 2008, Lin was questioned by the Taichung District Prosecutors' Office about a case of market manipulation.
Wang Pei-rong : Wang Pei-rong (; born 17 January 1985) is a Taiwanese badminton player.
Wang Pei-rong : Wang competed at the Kazan Universiade, and won two bronze medals in the mixed doubles and team event.
Huang Sue-ying : Huang opposed the 2004 reclassification of birth control pills as over-the-counter medication, believing that easy access to contraceptives would lead to a decrease in condom usage.
Abdul Aziz Abdul Nabi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Szu-chi : Chen Szu-chi (born 20 June 2002) is a Taiwanese swimmer.
Chen Szu-chi : She competed in the women's 50 metre backstroke event at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.
Lyndsey Scott : Other prestigious modeling jobs followed: in her first years as a model, she modeled for Vera Wang, DKNY, Baby Phat, Fendi, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, and the 2009 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and appeared in the magazines Italian "Elle", "Teen Vogue", and "W".
Yao Zhenhua : Yao Zhenhua (born 1969/1970) is a Chinese billionaire businessman, and the chairman of Baoneng Group.
Rana Dajani : The UK-based "Muslim Science Magazine" praised her as one of the most influential women scientists in the Islamic World; and "Arabian Business" lists Dajani as one of “The World’s 100 Most Powerful Arab Women," in which she ranked number thirteen.
Rana Dajani : For this work she received the following honors: the 2015 Star Award for education impact; a 2015 honor for the 50 Most Talented Social Innovators at the World CSR Congress; the 2015 OpenIDEO "Top Idea" for child refugees; she received the Library of Congress Literary Award for Best Practices in 2013; and in 2009 she received the Synergos award for Arab world social innovators.
Rana Dajani : The U.S. Embassy in Jordan in concert with the U.S. Embassy Amman's "Environment, Science, Technology and Health Office for the Middle East and North Africa" inducted Dajani into the Women in Science Hall of Fame in 2015.
Christine Tsung : Tsung earned an MBA from the University of Missouri and worked in the United States prior to joining China Airlines in 2000 as president of the company.
Christine Tsung : Tsung is married to banker Jerome Chen.
Lee Gi-seong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Gi-seong : She was awarded the Hyundae Literary Award in 2015 for (굴 소년의 노래 The Oyster Boy's Song).
Ivy Shao : Shao went public with her relationship with "The Perfect Match" co-star, Wu Kang-jen in November 2020.
Shi Xiufeng : She participated at the 2017 FIBA Women's Asia Cup.
Minami Hamabe : She gained widespread fame in Japan for her role in the Japanese live-action film "Let Me Eat Your Pancreas", which has also gained fame in many Asian countries.
Lee Joong-seo : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Saki Ono : Ono is friends with Yūki Kuwahara and comics artist and illustrator Norio Tsukudani.
Saki Ono : On 26 November 2016, on her Twitter account, she reported that she transferred to Just Production from Seinenza Theater Company Movie Broadcast.
Thilini Hendahewa : Thilini Pramodika Hendahewa (born 18 September 1996) is a Sri Lankan badminton player.
Angel Yin : Angel Yin (born October 3, 1998) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour.
Monie Tung : Monie Tung ( ; born 26 November 1980) is a Hong Kong film and television entertainer, programme host and stage actress.
Monie Tung : She later became a film and television actress starring in many films of which her most significant works are "My Mother Is a Belly Dancer" and "Whispers and Moans".
Monie Tung : From 2013 onwards she hosted the entertainment programme "Entertainment Flagship Store" for the Metro Info, until the last episode on 8 January 2016.
Francesca Kao : She is the granddaughter of Uyongʉ Yata'uyungana.
Francesca Kao : Francesca Kao (born 24 August 1972) is a Taiwanese Tsou actress, singer and television host,
Bao Yuqing : Bao Yuqing (born 23 September 1993) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast.
Shu Siyao : Shu Siyao (born 12 September 1992) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast.
Shu Siyao : She competed in the group rhythmic gymnastics competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where the team was eliminated in the qualification round.
Zhao Jingnan : Zhao Jingnan (born 7 March 1995) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast.
Lee Soo-mi : Lee were cast in China drama IQIYI's "Teacher Good Night" in 2016.
Lee Soo-mi : In December 2013, Lee was featured as the female protagonist in the music video "It's You" by R&B balled group D-Unit.
Lee Soo-mi : Lee Soo-mi (born March 3, 1989), professionally known by her stage name Lee Seo-an, is a South Korean actress and singer.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : She says that a single government health insurer should cover every American, reducing overall costs.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : Ocasio-Cortez proposed introducing a marginal tax as high as 70% on income above $10million to pay for the Green New Deal.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : Ocasio-Cortez also worked for the nonprofit National Hispanic Institute.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : The lawmakers wrote that the NBA's response not only "sold out an American citizen" but also "reinforces the Chinese Communist Party view that those who point to Chinese repression in Hong Kong are as best stating opinions, not facts", as well as being "a betrayal of fundamental American values".
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : On June 26, 2018, Ocasio-Cortez received 57.13% of the vote (15,897) to Crowley's 42.5% (11,761), defeating the 10-term incumbent by almost 15 percentage points.
Pak Song-il : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yumiko Takino : On 19 March 2017, she passed the final examination of the STU48 First Generation audition and was provisionally accepted into the group.
Yumiko Takino : According to her, by participating in concerts, she was "able to learn not only technical skills but also the importance of friends."
Yumiko Takino : She moved from Yamaguchi to Hiroshima in 2016 to attend university and took the audition for STU48 in Hiroshima.
Yumiko Takino : On 25 April 2017, in the official book "AKB48 General Election Official Guidebook 2017" (Kodansha, released 17 May 2017) of the "9th AKB48 Senbatsu General Election" deciding AKB48's 49th Senbatsu Members, she was included as one of 100 members most discussed in social media.
Kim Dong-min : Kim Dong-min (born 16 August 1994) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Incheon United.
Susan Thornton : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chan Ya-wen : Chan Ya-wen (; born 2 March 1967 in Changhua, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese Hokkien pop singer, lyricist, and composer.
Maho Kuwako : Kuwako married Shinichi Tanioka, a Fuji Television announcer, on May 30, 2017, which was her 30th birthday.
Duan Yixuan : On January 7, 2017, Duan participated in SNH48's third Request Time.
Alexandra Trusova : She trained in Ryazan under Olga Shevtsova until 2015; she then moved to Moscow where she was coached by Alexander Volkov.
Alexandra Trusova : She is the 2021 World bronze medalist, the 2020 European bronze medalist, the 2019 Grand Prix Final bronze medalist, the 2019 Skate Canada champion, the 2019 Rostelecom Cup champion, the 2019 CS Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion, and a three-time Russian national medalist (2019 silver; 2020–21 bronze).
CIL Chen : In August 2015, "Dimension 22VR" art show was held at South China Book Festival with the Lingnan Fine Arts Publishing House.
CIL Chen : In March 2013, the performance art "Incubation of Confucian businessmen" was showcased in Guangzhou, China.
CIL Chen : CIL Chen (, 1963 - ) is the pen name of Donglan Chen, a Chinese artist and writer, who once taught in college and founded her own company in Shenzhen and United States.
CIL Chen : In July 2016, Guangzhou Daily, artron.net, gd.qq.com, Sina News, toutiao.com, 3g.21cn.com, etc., published relevant reports and videos of the opening ceremony and interviews of "The Way of Nature: CIL Painting Exhibition".
CIL Chen : From 2017 to 2018, CIL's art pieces were selected to be part of "Return to Ontology Art Exhibitions: Tracing the Source of Abstract Art in the New period of Guangdong", which is a cross cities and years group exhibition organized by the Lingnan Painting Academy, curated by Xiaoyan Yang and Bin Hu, and sponsored by the Lingnan Art Museum, Guanshanyue Art Museum and Art Museum of GAFA.
Yuri Huang : Yuri Huang ( ; born 11 April 1986) formerly known as Huang Yuzhu ( ) and Huang Yian ( ), and known by her stage name Yao Yao ( ), is a female singer, actress and model.
Hikaru Takahashi : Takahashi rose to fame after participating in the 14th Japan Bishōjo Contest in 2014, in which she won the Grand Prix among 80,131 applicants, 1428 who passed the primary document examination and 21 finalists.<ref name = "mantan2014/08/05"> </ref><ref name = "mantan2014/08/06"> </ref><ref name = "sponichi2015/08/05"> </ref><ref name = "sponichi2015/08/06"> </ref><ref name = "oricon2014/08/06"> </ref> During the main competition held on August 5 at Grand Prince Hotel New Takanawa, she sang Erika Sawajiri's "Taiyou no Uta".
Yang Fang-wan : She was confirmed as a member of the Control Yuan in January 2018.
Yang Fang-wan : In 2007, Yang represented Wu Shu-jen in a corruption case brought against Wu's husband Chen Shui-bian.
Yang Fang-wan : The Awakening Foundation commended Yang for her support of women's rights during her legislative tenure and recommended that Yang be placed on the Democratic Progressive Party list for an at-large seat in 2008.
Nana Anima Wiafe-Akenten : Roses Secondary School, Akwatia in the Eastern Region of Ghana between 1991 and 1993.
Taishi Matsumoto : On May 24, 2019, Matsumoto has been called by Japan's head coach Hajime Moriyasu to feature in the Copa América played in Brazil.
Bhad Bhabie : Her parents, Ira Peskowitz and Barbara Ann Bregoli, dated for a year before Bregoli's mother became pregnant, later separating when she was an infant.
Choe Chun-sik : Choe Chun Sik (born 12 October 1954) was the leader of the North Korean Second Academy of Natural Sciences.
Sayaka Harada : After thinking about what course to take after graduating from high school, she decided to enter a voice acting school in 2015.
Sayaka Harada : On July 31, 2019, it was announced that she left Clare Voice to become a freelancer.
Kim Eun-ha : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ayla Huser : Ayla Huser (born 27 May 1992) is a Swiss badminton player and a member of Yverdon-les-Bains club.
Wen Chen-ling : Wen Chen-ling (born October 23, 1992) is a Taiwanese actress.
PeiJu Chien-Pott : Chien-Pott continued to study dance under Merce Cunningham, and later performed with Buglisi Dance Theatre and Korhan Basaran and Artists, and Nimbus Dance Works.
Jin Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Vicky Chen : In 2017, she won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress for the film "The Bold, the Corrupt, and the Beautiful" and became the youngest actress who was nominated Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress for the film "Angels Wear White" when she was 14 years old.
Lekha Shehani : Dona Lekha Shehani Handunkuttihettige (born 30 January 1993) is a Sri Lankan badminton player.
Joelle Lu : Joelle Lu () is a Taiwanese actress.
Kurone Mishima : She is best known as the illustrator of the "KonoSuba" and "Akashic Records of Bastard Magic Instructor" light novels.
Alena Kostornaia : She finished 16th at the 2017 Russian Junior Championships.
Alena Kostornaia : At the junior level, Kostornaia is the 2018 Junior World silver medalist, the 2018–19 Junior Grand Prix Final champion, the 2017–18 Junior Grand Prix Final silver medalist, and a two-time Russian junior national silver medalist (2018, 2019).
Mary Parr : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary Parr : She competed in the women's 400 metres hurdles at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Kavidi Sirimannage : Kavidi Ishadika Sirimannage (born 27 September 1995) is a Sri Lankan badminton player.
Kelly Huang : Kelly Huang (born Huang Yu-hsien; ) is a Taiwanese actress.
Wan Wan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meini Cheung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ricardo Reyes : Ricardo Reyes Araujo (born 7 February 1992) is a Mexican footballer who last played as a midfielder for Halcones de Morelos.
Abigail Smith : Smith grew up in Maine and did her undergraduate studies at Colby College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology before emigrating to New Zealand to study for a PhD at Waikato University with a thesis entitled 'Aspects of the sedimentology of New Zealand bryozoans and mixed carbonate-clastic deposits : a contribution to the temperate shelf carbonate model.'
Asahi Inoue : She usually listen to the radio often, and listens to the TBS Radio series "Hikaru Ijūin: Shinya no Bakajikara" on a timer and listens to it without hesitation.
Asahi Inoue : Since she acquired a teaching license for primary schools and junior high schools, she "I could have become an elementary school teacher if I did not become an announcer."
Asahi Inoue : After graduating from Okayama High School and Ochanomizu University, she joined NHK in 2004.
Jin Eun-young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kong Hee-yong : Kong Hee-yong (Hangul: 공희용; born 11 December 1996) is a South Korean badminton player.
Kong Hee-yong : In 2013, she won the mixed team gold at the BWF World Junior Championships.
Kim Seong-joong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Seong-joong : Accessed February 20, 2017.
Yume Miyamoto : Miyamoto was born in Fukuoka on January 22, 1997.
Rin Emasu : Hobbies are basketball, kendo, japanese calligraphy, singing..., favorite food is almond tofu, chocolate and sweet and sour pork (without pineapple).
Jacqueline Guan : Jacqueline Guan (born 3 November 1994) is an Australian badminton player.
Queenie Tai : On 30 June 2012, Tai married .
Tan Ai-chen : Tan Ai-chen () is a Taiwanese actress.
Siti Fadia Silva Ramadhanti : Siti Fadia Silva Ramadhanti (born 16 November 2000) is an Indonesian badminton player from PB Djarum club.
Lee Su-ji : In 2014, Lee appeared in the music video of labelmate Hong Jin-young's song "Cheer Up".
Lee Su-ji : She joined Music K Entertainment in 2013 and trained for two years.
Amanda Chou : Amanda Chou Hsiao-han () is a Taiwanese actress.
Cherry Ngan : Ngan grew up in Hong Kong and attended Sha Tin Government Secondary School where she appeared in a number of school plays and took part in after school theater groups studying acting and different styles of dance.
Wang Fengying : Wang Fengying (born Oct. 1970) is a Chinese businesswoman, and the CEO and deputy chairman of Great Wall Motor.
Lee Boo-jin : Lee Boo-jin (born 1969/1970) is a South Korean billionaire businesswoman, and the president and chief executive of Hotel Shilla, one of Seoul's leading hotels and conference centers.
Wu Guixian : Wu Guixian (; born 1938) is a Chinese politician who served as China's first female vice premier from January 1975 to September 1977.
Nanaka Suwa : Sunshine!!"
Nanaka Suwa : This is most likely to prevent any more impostor incidents, which she had mentioned a few days before.
Nanaka Suwa : On April 8, 2015, she officially joined the talent office Amuleto.
Wu Ke-xi : In 2016, Wu was nominated for the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress for her role in "The Road to Mandalay".
Wu Ke-xi : Besides English and Turkish, she also learned Burmese, Thai and Southwestern Mandarin for her performances as Sino-Burmese characters in several Midi Z's films.
Joanne Missingham : Joanne Missingham (; born 26 May 1994) is an Australian-born Taiwanese professional Go player who has participated in international and domestic Go tournaments.
Wang Shaudi : Wang was born in Taipei in 1953 and studied at the National Taiwan University of Arts before pursuing a master's degree in theatre at Trinity University in Texas.
Yu Xiuhua : Despite this, she still writes poetry, and as of January 2015 Xiuhua had written over two thousand poems.
Yu Xiuhua : In 2014, her poem "I Crossed Half of China to Sleep with You " ( ) was reposted frequently in WeChat, leading to a significant increase in her notoriety.
Jia Ling : In 2015, she performed her sketch called Lok Street during the 2015 CCTV New Year's Gala.
Jia Ling : The authority and reliability of the Mulan Cultural Research Centre are still controversial, and many people asked for enhancing the regulation of this kind of institutes.
Jia Ling : After graduating from the Central Academy of Drama in 2003 where she studied Xiangsheng performance, she worked with crosstalk performer Feng Gong appearing a series of short sketches.
Jia Ling : From 2018 to 2020, she is one of the MC of the TV show Ace VS Ace at Zhejiang TV.
Nieng Yan : Nieng Yan or Yan Ning (; born November 1977) is a structural biologist and the Shirley M. Tilghman Professor of Molecular Biology at Princeton University.
Himeka Nakamoto : On November 20, Nakamoto's official website was launched.
Himeka Nakamoto : Nakamoto passed the auditions for Nogizaka46 on August 21, 2011, and joined as a first generation member.
Zhang Zetian : In March 2016, Zhang gave birth to a daughter.
Zhang Zetian : While in the United States, she met Liu Qiangdong for the first time, as she was studying at Barnard College.
Zhang Zetian : Zhang Zetian (; born 18 November 1993), also known as Nancy Zhang, is a Chinese businesswoman and investor who is the chief fashion adviser of the luxury business of JD.com.
Agnes Chow : She was formally convicted on 5 August 2020.
Agnes Chow : Agnes Chow, Ivan Lam and Joshua Wong were put in custody until a trial scheduled on 2 December 2020, after a pre-trial hearing in the West Kowloon District court, that was having place on 23 November 2020, where they pleaded guilty regarding the events of a demonstration of June 2019 outside a Hong Kong police headquarters, where, that time of June 2019, thousands of protesters had demanded investigation of use of force by the police.
Yūko Nakagawa : In the 2012 election, she ran in Hokkaido's 11th district against Tomohiro Ishikawa, who had defeated her husband for the position in the last election; she won with 51 percent of the vote.
Elizaveta Levina : She received University of Michigan Distinguished Faculty Achievement Award in 2019.
Elizaveta Levina : Professor Liza Levina is a “Thomson-ISI highly cited” researcher.
Elizaveta Levina : She was awarded the Vijay Nair Collegiate Professorship in 2017.
Elizaveta Levina : Levina's husband, Edward Ionides, is also a professor of statistics at the University of Michigan.
Elizaveta Levina : In 2016, she was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association and as a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics (IMS) .
Elizaveta Levina : Levina received the American Statistical Association Gottfried E. Noether Young Scholar Award in 2010 for her contributions to nonparametric statistics.
Elizaveta Levina : She is the Vijay Nair Collegiate Professor of Statistics at the University of Michigan, and is known for her work in high-dimensional statistics, including covariance estimation, graphical models, statistical network analysis, and nonparametric statistics.
Baek Ha-na : Their first major result in a senior event came when she and Lee reached the final at the 2017 Macau Open, but lost to Chinese pair Huang Yaqiong and Yu Xiaohan with the score 10–21, 17–21.
Lee Yu-rim : Among their key results in senior events, Lee and Baek reached the final at the 2017 Macau Open, but lost to Chinese pair Huang Yaqiong and Yu Xiaohan with the score 10–21, 17–21.
Yvonne Yao : Yvonne Yao () is a Taiwanese actress.
Venus Wong : Wong was born in 1992 in Huizhou, Guangdong province and moved to Hong Kong at the age of one with her mother.
Heiward Mak : Heiward Mak Hei-yan () is a Hong Kong film director, writer and producer.
Candace Chong Mui Ngam : Candace Chong Mui Ngam () is a Chinese playwright from Hong Kong who has written scripts for play such as The "French Kiss (2005)", "Murder in San José (2009)" and "The Wild Boar (2012)".
Candace Chong Mui Ngam : After graduating in 1999 she majored in play-writing at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts and then traveled to London to complete her master's degree at Royal Holloway, University of London.
Amanda Strang : After graduating from the Paris-based culinary school Le Cordon Bleu in 2010 she apprenticed at French bakery Ladurée and the "Caprice" at the Four Seasons Hotel in Hong Kong.
Zhang Xinyi : After graduating from the Central Academy of Drama in 2005 she became a dancer and joined the Shenzhen Song and Dance Ensemble.
Zhang Xinyi : Zhang Xinyi (, born 29 May 1981) is a Chinese actress and director.
Zhang Xinyi : Zhang married "Princess Jie You" co-star Yuan Hong in Germany in May 2016.
Azumi Waki : Her first voice acting role was as Sanae Katagiri in the video game and anime series "The Idolmaster Cinderella Girls".
Azumi Waki : She continued pursuing this dream after entering junior high school, although she gave up upon reaching high school because she felt that her English language skills were inadequate.
Gao Fangjie : Gao Fangjie (; Mandarin pronunciation: ; born 29 September 1998) is a Chinese badminton player from Nanjing, Jiangsu.
Rita Carpio : Rita Maria Carpio (韋綺姍; born June 17, 1965) is a Hong Kong pop singer of Filipino-Macanese ethnicity.
Simone Askew : In 2017, she became the first African American woman to earn the role of First Captain, leader of the Corps of Cadets.
Cailee Spaeny : Cailee Spaeny ( ; born July 24, 1997) is an American actress, who starred in the 2018 film "".
Anabela Fátima Xavier Sales Ritchie : She served as president of the Legislative Assembly of Macau, the first woman to hold the position.
Hai Qing : In 1997 she was accepted into the Beijing Film Academy and shortly afterwards appeared in her first feature film "Jade Goddess of Mercy".
Hai Qing : Hai Qing (; born 12 January 1978) is a Chinese film and television actress who has appeared in such films as "Finding Mr.
Xin Chunying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xin Chunying : Xin Chunyin (; born 13 October 1956) is a Chinese legal scholar and politician who serves as a committee member on in the National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Yan Zhichan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yan Zhichan : In 2018, Yan was appointed as a member of the Standing Committee of Guangxi Party Committee.
Anne Chao : She has authored or co-authored a number of software tools for quantifying and estimating biological diversity, and her scholarly works have been cited more than 23,000 times as of November 2019.
Anne Chao : She is also an elected member of the International Statistical Institute.
Anne Chao : Chao has described herself as "60% statistician, 30% mathematician and 10% ecologist".
Anne Chao : She came to the U.S. for graduate study, completing a Ph.D. in statistics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1977.
Anne Chao : She works in the Institute of Statistics at National Tsing Hua University, where she is Tsing Hua Distinguished Chair Professor and a former Taiwan National Chair Professor.
Anne Chao : Lien-Ju Anne Chao () is a Taiwanese environmental statistician.
He Luli : 2 Hospital.
He Luli : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
He Luli : She entered politics after practicing medicine for 27 years, serving as Vice-Mayor of Beijing, Chairwoman of the Revolutionary Committee of the Chinese Kuomintang, Vice Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, and Vice Chairperson of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
Lynn Jenner : Lynn Jenner is a poet and essayist from New Zealand.
Soledad Buendía : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Xiyeon : On May 24, 2019, Pristin was officially disbanded.
Manuela d'Ávila : Manuela Pinto Vieira d'Ávila (born 18 August 1981) is a Brazilian journalist, writer and politician, a member of the Communist Party of Brazil since 2001.
Susan Shur-Fen Gau : She is known for her perseverance and dedication to research into possible cures for mental disorders and to defense the rights for children and adolescents with mental illnesses and to clarify confusions and misunderstandings of pediatric psychiatry, and currently working as President, director, medical doctor, professor, vice-President, and a member at Taiwanese Society of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Department of medical genetics of National Taiwan University Hospital, National Taiwan University Hospital, National Taiwan University, IACAPAP, and Taiwanese Psychiatric Association respectively.
Sandra Marinello : Sandra Marinello (born 29 May 1983) is a German badminton player.
Sandra Marinello : BC Düren from 2008-2014, and previously plays for the SV Thomasstadt Kempen, BV RW Wesel, TV Remscheid, SCU Lüdinghausen, PSV Ludwigshafen, and BV Gifhorn.
Wang Xinyu : Wang's current team consists of her father Wang Peng; a Serbian technical coach, Aleksandar Slović, who won the men's singles title at 2009 Summer Universiade and once trained with Novak Djokovic when young; a fitness coach from Croatia; and a Chinese physio from Nanjing.
Wang Xinyu : Tere-Apisah was only two points away from victory when leading 5–3, 30–0 in the second set, looking to become the first player from Papua New Guinea to compete in a Grand Slam main draw, when momentum shifted and Wang, demonstrating fearlessness for her age, won the next seven points before going on to level the match.
Yūko Ōno : In April 2017, she became a member of Mausu Promotion.
Eva Pérez : Eva Pérez (born 18 July 1975) is a Spanish racewalker.
Apple Chan : Apple Chan (; born 12 March 1989) is an actress and singer.
Apple Chan : She grew up in Toa Payoh and attended Guangyang Primary School, First Toa Payoh Secondary School where she was in the softball team and the National Police Cadet Corps, receiving the Best Cadet award.
Judy Chan : She was a founding member of the New People's Party (NPP) and became known when she contested in the Southern District Council by-election in South Horizons West in 2014, defeating two pro-democracy heavyweights, the Democratic Party's former Legislative Council member Sin Chung-kai and People Power chairwoman Erica Yuen.
Judy Chan : She also stood in the 2016 Legislative Council election in Hong Kong Island as a second candidate.
Mie Schjøtt-Kristensen : Mie Schjøtt-Kristensen (born 14 May 1984) is a Danish badminton player.
Vacharaporn Munkit : Vacharaporn Munkit ( ; born 2 July 1987) also known as Punyada Munkitchokecharoen ( ), Peeraya Munkitamorn ( ) is a Thai badminton player.
Karin Kneissl : Born in Vienna, Kneissl spent parts of her childhood in Amman, where her father worked as a pilot for King Hussein of Jordan and also was involved in the development of Royal Jordanian Airlines.
Karin Kneissl : Karin Kneissl (born 18 January 1965) is an Austrian diplomat, journalist and independent politician, serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 2017 and 2019.
Karin Kneissl : As an expert in international law, history of the Middle East and the energy market, Kneissl teaches at the Diplomatic Academy of Vienna, the European Business School in Rheingau and is a guest lecturer at the National Defense Academy, the Military Academy in Wiener Neustadt and at universities in Lebanon, among them the francophone Université Saint-Joseph in Beirut.
Karin Kneissl : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yukika Teramoto : In 2006, Teramoto was one of the Grand Prix winners in the 10th model auditions for pre-teen fashion magazine "Nicola" out of 5,986 applicants.
Vanessa Mai : She chose her stage name as a reference to her birth month, which is spelled Mai (] ) in German.
Vanessa Mai : A live album titled "Für Dich – Live aus Berlin", recorded at the Tempodrom in Berlin, was released on 6 January 2017.
Lin Chun-yu : She competed in the women's long jump at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Hana Kuk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hana Kuk : Haley Chan, known professionally as Hana Kuk Tsz-kiu (; ; born 24 November 1986), is a Hong Kong singer-songwriter currently managed by PanAsiaCC and Voice Entertainment, debuted in 2016.
Dahyun : Kim Da-hyun (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born May 28, 1998), known mononymously as Dahyun (Korean:  ), is a South Korean singer and rapper.
Ng Tsz Yau : Yoyo Ng Tsz Yau (, born 24 April 1998) is a Hong Kong badminton player.
Ng Tsz Yau : In 2014, she competed at the Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China.
Cheyenne Goh : Goh became the first female short track speed skater from Singapore to compete at the World Championships.
Cheyenne Goh : She competed at the women's 1500m short track speed skating event at the 2018 Winter Olympics on 17 February 2018, where she did not advance out of the qualifiers.
Cheyenne Goh : Goh took the bronze medal in the 500m event and silvers in the 1000m and 3000m relay events.
Mialitiana Clerc : Clerc's results at the 2018 Winter Olympics:
Yoo Yeon-jung : Yoo was born on August 3, 1999 in Gwangmyeong, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.
Mina Sundwall : Mina Sundwall (born October 23, 2001) is an American actress who is known for her roles in "Maggie's Plan", "Freeheld", and "#Horror".
Mina Sundwall : She plays Penny Robinson in "Lost in Space", a 2018 remake of the 1965 series of the same name.
Kaman Kong : Kaman Kong (; born 4 November 1994) is a Hong Kong actress who gained recognition after starring in the TVB television drama "Tiger Mom Blues" (2017).
Kaman Kong : In 2016, Kong signed with TVB and gained recognition after starring in the television drama "Tiger Mom Blues" (2017), winning a Best Supporting Actress nomination for the TVB Anniversary Awards.
Wu Jin-yun : Wu Jin-yun (born 3 March 1938) is a Taiwanese athlete.
Loren Allred : In 2012, Loren was a contestant on season 3 of the television show "The Voice" and selected Adam Levine as her coach.
Loren Allred : Loren Allred (born September 7, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter, pianist and actress.
Loren Allred : After a year of studying musical theatre at Weber State University in Ogden, Utah, she transferred to the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.
Loren Allred : Her mother, Carol Ann Allred, is a classical soprano and voice teacher; her father, Brady R. Allred, was formerly the director of the Pittsburgh Bach Choir and an artistic director and conductor of Salt Lake Choral Artists.
Shimica Wong : Shimica Wong (born 9 November 1994) is a Producer singer-songwriter in Asia.
Shimica Wong : Wong was born in Spain, then migrated to Hong Kong at the age of three.
Shimica Wong : She officially signed a deal with Honger Music in 2012, and the following year, she won The Best Original Film Song with her single “Let's Dance" from the 2013 film "The Way We Dance" at the 33rd Hong Kong Film Awards.
Leona Marlin-Romeo : Marlin-Romeo has been married to Richard Marlin since 1997, the couple have two children.
Leona Marlin-Romeo : She briefly attended St. Maarten Academy before transferring to Oak Hill Academy in Virginia.
Cally Kwong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cally Kwong : Cally was elected as one of the 36 delegates representing Hong Kong to the China National People's Congress in Dec 2017.
Ernesto Sosa : Ernesto Sosa Valadéz (born March 1, 1962) is a Mexican football manager and former player.
Victo Ngai : Afterwards she likes to have some distance from the material, knowing that for her, the best idea comes when she's not thinking too hard.
Victo Ngai : In 2014, at age 26, Ngai was named as one of Forbes Magazine's 30 Under 30 recipients in the category of Art and Style She has received a number of notable awards that include;
Victo Ngai : Born in Guangdong Province and raised in the former British colony of Hong Kong, current Chinese SAR as the only child of middle-class parents, Ngais' father worked in finance and her mother worked in a variety of jobs, including professor of Chinese literature, newspaper editor and the manager of an investment company.
Victo Ngai : Ngai would go on to illustrate for newspapers, magazines, book publishers and corporate clients such as "The Wall Street Journal", "The Washington Post", "The Boston Globe", Penguin Random House, Abrams Books, Macmillan, General Electric, Lufthansa Airline, NBC, PGA, IMAX, McDonald's, the New York City Subway, Apple, Audible, and Infiniti.
Cheng Zhifan : In 1953, she married Philippe Bertrand () in a Christian church.
Cheng Zhifan : At the age of 11, Cheng was accepted to Shanghai Academy of Music; after graduation, she taught at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music.
Cheng Zhifan : In May 1951, a French pianist visited China and took her as an apprentice; in November, the pianist took her to Paris.
Cheng Zhifan : Her works are collected in the Paris Oriental Museum and the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.
Cheng Zhifan : She has an older sister, Cheng Youshu (born 1924), a diplomat and poet, and a younger brother, Cheng Siwei (1935–2015), an economist, chemical engineer, and politician.
Cheng Zhifan : She ran for the third time in 1995, but the French Interior Department has no proof of her participation in the presidential election.
Marlene Lewis : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Thái Thanh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Thái Thanh : In 1956, Thái Thanh married Lê Quỳnh, and they had three daughters and two sons together: Ý Lan (1957), Lê Việt (1958), Quỳnh Dao (1960), Thanh Loan (1962) and Lê Đại (1964).
Lana Lo : She was often invited as the special guest to political campaigns and charity functions, performing the National Anthem and popular music.
Alenka Bratušek : Bratušek lives with her partner in Kranj.
Alenka Bratušek : She studied at the Faculty of Natural Sciences and Technology at the University of Ljubljana.
Alenka Bratušek : In March 2013, an anonymous person criticized Bratušek because she had not cited a source on one page of her master's thesis.
Alenka Bratušek : Alenka Bratušek (] ; born 31 March 1970) is a Slovenian politician.
Alenka Bratušek : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emmelie de Forest : ".
Emmelie de Forest : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Emmelie de Forest : Danmarks Radio used the story of her claim to royal ancestry in its promotion of the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, although the claim has been discredited by researchers.
Lee Li Lian : Lee Li Lian (, born 19 July 1978) is a Singaporean politician, as a member of the opposition Workers' Party.
Lee Li Lian : On 15 January 2014, it was announced that she is pregnant with her first child and on 1 July 2014, she gave birth to a baby girl.
Cheng Lin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nina Agdal : Nina Brohus Agdal (born 26 March 1992) is a Danish model known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" and, alongside Chrissy Teigen and Lily Aldridge, appeared on the 50th anniversary cover in 2014.
Nina Agdal : Agdal appeared in a 2013 Super Bowl television commercial for Carl's Jr./Hardee's.
Swara Bhaskar : Swara Bhaskar (born 9 April 1988) is an Indian actress who works in the Hindi film industry.
Soyou : Soyou was born on February 12, 1992, in Jeju Island, South Korea.
Soyou : After Sistar disbanded in June 2017, Soyou debuted her solo career under Starship Entertainment.
Sally Jewell : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sally Jewell : Her nomination was approved by the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on March 21, with only three of the committee's 22 members opposed.
Sarwat Gilani : She married a cosmetology surgeon and actor Fahad Mirza in August 2014.
Corrinne May : Corrinne May (born Corrinne Foo May Ying; 19 January 1973) is a Los Angeles-based Singaporean musician, singer, and songwriter.
Haruka Fukuhara : Haruka Fukuhara started working as a child actress from the first grade of elementary school.
Chen Be-yue : Her daughter continues to reside in the United States; Chen later obtained permanent residence status again in the United States in January 2008, so she could aid in raising her newborn granddaughter without worrying about visa issues (as Taiwan was not a member of the U.S.' Visa Waiver Program at that point); however, she cancelled her permanent resident status in September 2009.
Sattam bin Khalid bin Nasser Al Saud : In 2012, Sattam married Governor of Jazan Prince Mohammed bin Nasser bin Abdulaziz's daughter in Riyadh.
Anikka Albrite : Her parents and her four siblings have accepted her profession.
Anikka Albrite : Anikka Albrite is an American pornographic actress.
Anikka Albrite : Albrite is a former lab technician and she double majored in molecular biology and business.
Anikka Albrite : Albrite played a grim reaper in the 2015 mainstream Austrian horror film "Chimney or Pit".
Anikka Albrite : On June 4, Albrite made her feature dancing debut at the Crazy Horse in San Francisco.
Anikka Albrite : Albrite co-hosted the 2016 AVN Awards alongside Joanna Angel on January 23.
Anikka Albrite : Albrite was born in Denver, Colorado and raised in Arizona.
Anikka Albrite : Albrite worked as a mainstream model and extra on television shows prior to her adult film career.
Anikka Albrite : In 2013, "LA Weekly" ranked Albrite first on their list of "10 Porn Stars Who Could Be The Next Jenna Jameson".
Anikka Albrite : In June 2015, Albrite, Mick Blue and Maestro Claudio formed the production label, BAM Visions, for Evil Angel.
Anikka Albrite : In 2015, Albrite and Blue won AVN Awards for Female and Male Performer of the Year, making them the first married couple in AVN Awards history to ever win both awards simultaneously.
Sophie Rundle : On 4 October 2014, Rundle appeared in the live cooking programme "Saturday Kitchen" presented by James Martin as an interviewed guest.
Sophie Rundle : Rundle also played Sefa in the two-part episode "Arthur's Bane" of the final season of the BBC TV series "Merlin".
Sophie Rundle : Rundle also starred in Sky 1's drama "Jamestown" as Alice Kett, one of the '“maids to make wives” who sailed 3,700 miles across the Atlantic in order to marry a stranger in the New World'.
Sophie Rundle : She played a lead role in the ITV mystery drama series "The Bletchley Circle", about four women who investigate a series of murders, and ended on 27 January 2014.
Sophie Rundle : The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the UK on 30 November 2012.
Sophie Rundle : Rundle also portrayed Honoria Barbary in BBC's 20-part "Dickensian", a reworking of an ensemble of characters created by Charles Dickens, which aired on BBC One on 26 December 2015.
Sophie Rundle : In February 2013, Rundle played Bunty Mainwaring in Stephen Unwin's production of Noël Coward's "The Vortex" at the Rose Theatre, Kingston.
Sophie Rundle : In 2019, Rundle portrayed Princess Diana in an episode of the Sky Arts' "Urban Myths" series, with David Avery as Freddie Mercury and Mathew Baynton as Kenny Everett.
Sophie Rundle : In December 2014, she played Lucia Kos in a new play titled "3 Winters" by London-based Croatian playwright Tena Štivičić, about the Kos family, living at three crucial periods in Croatian history.
Tasha Reign : Rachel Swimmer (born January 15, 1989), known professionally as Tasha Reign, is an American pornographic actress, nude model, producer, and sex columnist known for her appearances in "Playboy" and "Penthouse" magazine.
Tasha Reign : A former Hooters Girl, she began her career as a professional stripper in 2008, dancing at a club called the Silver Reign, from which she took her pseudonym.
Victoria Williamson : Victoria "Vicky" Williamson (born 15 September 1993) is an elite British bobsledder and former track cyclist who specialised in the sprint disciplines.
Kimberley Anne Woltemas : Kimberley Anne Woltemas Tiamsiri ( ; born January 22, 1992) is a Thai actress and model.
Kimberley Anne Woltemas : She made her breakthrough in acting career after she played the role of "Nam" in the series "4 Hua Jai Haeng Koon Kao" ("4 Hearts of the Mountains") for the first part of the series Thara Himalai where she was paired up with Atichart Chumnanon.
Pei Fang : Pei Fang (born 1 February 1972) is a former Chinese track and field athlete, who specialized in sprinting events.
Rao Xueman : She began writing at 14 years old.
Rao Xueman : After graduating from university, Rao Xueman, along with Wu Meizhen ( ) and Yu Yujun ( ), established "Flower Clothes" ( ), the first writer combination in China.
Rao Xueman : Rao Xueman (; born 11 December 1972) is a Chinese best-selling author, novelist, and short story writer.
Indila : Indila was born in Paris.
Indila : In addition to "Dernière danse", two other singles from the album reached the top-20 in the charts in France: "Tourner dans le vide" ("Spinning in the Emptiness"), which reached number 13, and "S.O.S", which reached number 8.
Indila : Adila Sedraïa (born 26 June 1984), best known by her stage name Indila, is a French singer and songwriter.
Zhenan Bao : One of her major mentors was Elsa Reichmanis who was the department director at Bell Labs.
Zhenan Bao : In 2004, she returned to academia by joining the faculty at Stanford University where she is now focusing on studying organic semiconductor and carbon nanotubes using new fabrication methods.
Zhenan Bao : Upon the completion of her Ph.D., she had an offer to join the University of California, Berkeley as a postdoc but instead joined the Materials Research department of Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies.
Zhenan Bao : She is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Chemical Society and SPIE and serves on the advisory board for ACS Nano, Advanced Functional Materials, Advanced Energy Materials, Chemical Communications, Chemistry of Materials, Materials Today, Nanoscale, and NPG Asia Materials and the board of directors for the Materials Research Society and the Polymers Materials Science and Engineering division of the American Chemical Society.
Kerry-Lee Harrington : Kerry-Lee Harrington (born 21 March 1986) is a South African badminton player.
Xing Aiying : Xing Aiying (; born 2 August 1989) is a Chinese-born Singaporean badminton player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Xing Aiying : She lost the first preliminary round match to Belarus' Olga Konon, with a score of 19–21 and 12–21.
Tsubasa Honda : In July 2013, she appeared as an MC on the late-night music show "Music Dragon" aired on NTV.
Jeļena Ostapenko : Due to her aggressive playing style, she accumulates significant numbers of both winners and unforced errors.
Jeļena Ostapenko : Between 2016 and 2019, Ostapenko held remarkable distinction of being the only player in recorded tennis history to have won a Grand Slam title (2017 French Open), and lost in the first round the three other times she has competed at that same tournament (2016 to Naomi Osaka, 2018 to Kateryna Kozlova, and 2019 to Victoria Azarenka).
Jeļena Ostapenko : Ostapenko is known for her highly aggressive playing style, including powerful inside-out groundstrokes and a tendency to aim for the lines.
Meng Ge : In 1990, at the age of twenty-four, she and her professor Li Shuangjiang, twenty-seven years her senior, married in Beijing.
Meng Ge : She attended the China Conservatory of Music, the Chinese People's Liberation Army Arts College, and the Central Conservatory of Music.
Selina Gasparin : She married Russian cross-country skier and fellow Olympic medalist Ilia Chernousov in June 2014.
Selina Gasparin : Selina Gasparin (born 3 April 1984) is a Swiss biathlete.
Momal Sheikh : She made her film debut with 2016 film "Happy Bhag Jayegi".
Momal Sheikh : Momal Sheikh ( ) is a Pakistani actress and producer.
Gabrielle Daleman : Gabrielle Daleman (born January 13, 1998) is a Canadian figure skater.
Pollyanna Chu : She holds a bachelor's degree in Management from Golden Gate University and awarded an Honorary Ph.D. in Business Management by York University, United States.
Arisa Noto : Noto joined Hello!
Arisa Noto : Project in June 2004 and became part of the group's trainee program, Hello Pro Egg.
Dong Mingzhu : In January 2019, she was reelected chairwoman of Gree Electric.
Annie Liu : Annie Liu Xin-you (born 01 April 1981) is a Hong Kong based Taiwanese actress.
Sau Lan Wu : For her effort, Wu and her collaborators were awarded the 1995 European Physical Society High Energy and Particle Physics Prize.
Sau Lan Wu : She is married to Tai Tsun Wu of Harvard University.
Sau Lan Wu : Ting at MIT who discovered the J/psi particle in 1974, for which Ting was awarded the 1976 Nobel Prize in Physics together with Burton Richter.
Sau Lan Wu : (1964) and a Ph.D. (1970) in Physics from Harvard University, she conducted research at MIT, DESY and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she is now the Enrico Fermi Distinguished Professor of Physics.
Marilyn Yalom : Marilyn Yalom (March 10, 1932 – November 20, 2019) was a feminist author and historian.
Marilyn Yalom : She served as the institute's director from 1984 to 1985.
Aleqa Hammond : On 31.
Aleqa Hammond : On 31.
Aleqa Hammond : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aleqa Hammond : Aleqa Hammond (born 23 September 1965) is a Greenlandic politician and former member of the Danish Folketing (parliament).
Aleqa Hammond : She attended Nunavut Arctic College in Iqaluit between 1989 and 1991, before studying at the University of Greenland from 1991 until 1993.
Aleqa Hammond : In 2007, she became Minister of Finance and Foreign Affairs, but resigned in 2008 officially in protest of the size of the government's budget deficit.
Luo Ying-shay : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shih Su-mei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shih Su-mei : Shih Su-mei (; born 20 July 1952) is a Taiwanese politician.
Shih Su-mei : She was the Minister of the Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics of the Executive Yuan from 2008 to 2016.
Theresa Lee : Theresa Lee is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress.
Wendy Holdener : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Pi-twan : Previously, she had served as minister of the Council for Cultural Affairs between 2008 and 2009.
Huang Pi-twan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jordan Carver : Ina-Maria Schnitzer (born 30 January 1986), better known as Jordan Carver, is a German glamour model and actress.
Chen Zhaojing : Chen took part in the 1992 Summer Olympics and to the 1993 World Indoor Championships, without reaching the final.
Chen Zhaojing : Chen Zhaojing (born 5 April 1969) is a former Chinese track and field athlete who competed in sprint events.
Milica Simić : Milica Simić ( ; 14 July 1993 ) is a Serbian badminton player.
Wang Huei-chen : Wang Huei-chen (, Pinyin: Wáng Huì-zhēn; born 21 February 1970) is a former Taiwanese track and field athlete, who specialized in sprinting events.
Ming Bridges : Ming Bridges () (born 5 November 1992) is a British-Singaporean singer-songwriter, actress and model.
Jianying Zha : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jianying Zha : Born in Beijing, Jianying Zha was educated in the United States.
Jianying Zha : Jianying Zha or Zha Jianying (; born 1959) is a Chinese American journalist and non-fiction writer.
Mana Sakura : On February 12, 2016 she published her first novel "The Lowlife", a heavily autobiographical work depicting the daily lives of adult film actresses.
Mana Sakura : She was once again a winner at the 2015 Adult Broadcasting Awards, this time taking the Best Actress Award and a second FLASH Award.
Vicki Myron : In 2012 Myron won the Iowa Association of School Librarians' Goldfinch Award for "Dewey: There's a Cat in the Library,".
Vicki Myron : Myron returned to Spencer and started working in its public library in 1982.
Vicki Myron : Director of the Spencer Public Library for more than 20 years, Myron is best known for her book "", written with Bret Witter.
Fatima Sana Shaikh : Fatima Sana Shaikh (born 11 January 1992) is an Indian film actress.
Christina Lee : Christina Maisenne Lee (, born 1977) is a Hong Kong politician.
Christina Lee : In November 2011, she ran for an uncontested seat as a member of the Election Committee in the Import and Export Subsector, making her one of the 1,200 Hong Kong electors entitled to vote for the Chief Executive of Hong Kong in the 2012 election.
Olga Golodets : Golodets was born in Moscow on 1 June 1962.
Olga Golodets : She was appointed one of seven deputy ministers to the cabinet led by prime minister Dmitry Medvedev on 21 March 2012.
Olga Golodets : Olga Yurievna Golodets (Russian: Ольга Юрьевна Голодец; born 1 June 1962) is a Russian politician and economist who served as a Deputy Prime Minister of Russia from 2012–2020.
Olga Golodets : Marc Bennetts, writing for the Russian daily "Ria Novosti", stated that Golodets is believed to be close to Medvedev and that she has commercial connections with businessman-turned politician Mikhail Prokhorov.
Zeng Chunlei : Zeng Chunlei (; born 3 November 1989 in Beijing), is a Chinese volleyball player, who is a member of the Chinese women's national team that participated at the London Olympic Games.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : "80s-90s" Golden Years: the Big Takeoff
Zhu Xiao-Mei : "1994-2014" Highlights of her career
Zhu Xiao-Mei : "1957-1975" Early Years: Cultural Revolution Survivor
Zhu Xiao-Mei : "1979" Master's Degree in Piano Music -The New England Conservatory of Music.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : Zhu Xiao-Mei (, born 1949) is a Chinese classical pianist and teacher, now based in Paris, France.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : Being a perfectionist as she is , Zhu turned down the offer from the famous Théatre des Champs Elysées - an invitation to perform there every year.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : Unlike most artists that aim to get more opportunities by exposing themselves in front of cameras, she limits her public appearances as she only wants to perform for responsive audiences who love real classical music.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : In 1994, Zhu was invited to perform a piano recital in Théatre de la Ville, which was also her first public performance as a pianist in Paris.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : The recital was held just in front of BACH's grave , Zhu was the first pianist to perform in this church, "The concert started at 10:30pm and ended at 1:30am.
Zhu Xiao-Mei : Her major life-changing event was when the famous American violinist Isaac Stern visited China in 1979, which eventually contributed to Zhu's study in the United States (also with the great help of prestigious pianist/educator Zhou Guang-Ren).
Zhu Xiao-Mei : One of the legendary stories is that when Zhu played the Goldberg Variations at a family concert in Paris, an old lady was so deeply impressed and touched by her way of interpreting BACH's music, that she offered a riverside apartment to Zhu at an extremely low price.
Uki Satake : The show is currently airing every Sunday on Japan's Nippon Broadcasting System, in which she often plays her own renditions of 9nine's songs as well as songs by other artists.
Uki Satake : Satake has her own radio show, "Satake Uki no Utyu wo Kirei ni Suru Radio", since July 3, 2012.
Celina Jade : Celina Horan (born 10 June 1985), professionally known as Celina Jade, is a Hong Kong-American actress, singer-songwriter, model and martial artist.
Lizette Salas : <nowiki>*</nowiki>
Lizette Salas : Position in Women's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year.
Lizette Salas : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013.
Lizette Salas : Lizette Salas (born July 17, 1989) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour.
Lizette Salas : Born and raised in Azusa, California, Salas graduated from Azusa High School in 2007 and went on to play college golf at the University of Southern California, where she graduated in 2011 with a degree in sociology.
Lizette Salas : She had three collegiate wins, was named the 2008 Pac-10 Freshman of the Year, was Pac-10 Player of the Year in 2009 and 2010, and Pac-10 All-Conference First Team selection in 2009, 2010, and 2011.
MØ : Her father, Frans Ørsted, is a psychologist, and her mother, Mette Ørsted, is a teacher.
MØ : MØ and her friend Josefine Struckmann Pedersen formed duo MOR in 2007, and released two EPs, "Fisse I Dit Fjæs"(""Pussy in Your Face"") and "Vanvidstimer"(""Madness Hours""), in 2009 and 2011, respectively.
MØ : The single topped the charts globally in MØ's native Denmark, Australia, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands and New Zealand, while reaching the top five in several countries, including France, Germany, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Yehudit Sasportas : In 1997 she was awarded the Ingeborg Bachman Scholarship for her work and in 1999 the Nathan Gottesdiener Foundation prize.
Hande Baladın : Hande Baladın (born 1 September 1997) is a Turkish female volleyball player.
Fabienne Verdier : Fabienne Verdier (born 1962, Paris, France) is a French painter who works in France after years of studies in China.
Roger Luk : Roger Luk Koon-ho, BBS, JP (born 10 August 1951, Hong Kong) was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1992–95) and the Assistant General Manager of the Hang Seng Bank.
Ireland Baldwin : In April 2015 Baldwin resigned from IMG after a stint in rehab.
Ireland Baldwin : In 2014, Baldwin was in a relationship with rapper Angel Haze.
Ireland Baldwin : At age 11 in 2007, she gained attention in the media after her father left her an angry voicemail message, which became publicized.
Ireland Baldwin : Ireland Eliesse Baldwin, also known as Ireland Basinger Baldwin (born October 23, 1995) is an American fashion model and actress.
Ireland Baldwin : Baldwin made her acting debut in the film "Grudge Match", playing a younger version of Kim Basinger's character, Sally.
Lee Yu-bi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mina Fujii : In 2013, Fujii starred in the MBC reality show "We Got Married Global" alongside Lee Hongki.
Mina Fujii : In 2014, Fujii played the character of Oshikiri in "Monsterz", the Japanese remake of the Korean film "Haunters", and Mika Aota in the "tokusatsu" comedy film "Joshi Zu".
Ashima Shiraishi : Ashima Shiraishi (白石阿島, "Shiraishi Ashima", born April 3, 2001) is an American rock climber.
Leonie Maier : Leonie Rebekka Maier (] ; born 29 September 1992) is a German footballer.
Leonie Maier : She has been selected for the squads of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup where Germany finished fourth, 2016 Summer Olympics, where Germany won the gold medal, the 2017 UEFA Women's Championship and the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Etiene Medeiros : Widely regarded as the best Brazilian woman swimmer of all time, Medeiros was the first Brazilian to win an individual gold medal in a World Championship (long and short course) and Pan American Games, and the first to be a world record-holder in the modern era (only Maria Lenk in 1939 had accomplished this feat)
Nancy Deloye Fitzroy : Nancy Burr Deloye Fitzroy (born October 5, 1927) is an American engineer specializing in heat transfer and fluid dynamics.
Nancy Deloye Fitzroy : From June 1986–87 she became the first female president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers—the first woman to head a major national engineering society.
Dominique Bona : Dominique Bona (born 29 July 1953 in Perpignan) is a French writer.
Dominique Bona : She won the 2000 Bourse Goncourt for biography, and 1998 Prix Renaudot.
Xenia Hausner : People are at the center of her focus.
Xenia Hausner : Xenia Hausner (born 7 January 1951 in Vienna) is an Austrian painter and stage designer, recognised internationally as a major artist of her generation.
Xenia Hausner : Since 1992, Xenia Hausner has been working exclusively as a painter and has participated in innumerable exhibitions at home and abroad.
Xenia Hausner : Xenia Hausner works on paper and mixed-media as well.
Xenia Hausner : She used this raw material to assemble a theatrical space that sprung to life in the clash between naturalistic clarity and abstract interpretation.
Xenia Hausner : She is strongly interested in architectural projects, for example the mantling of the Ringturm in Vienna in 2011, or in designing church windows (Kilian Church in Heilbronn, St. Johannis Church in Gehrden, St. Johannes and St. Laurentius Cathedral in Merseburg).
Maggie Chiang : She is dubbed a "therapeutic singer" (療傷系歌手) by the Chinese-language media for her heartfelt delivery of ballads.
Lin Tzu-ling : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury : She previously served as the state minister of the Ministry of Women and Children Affairs of Bangladesh.
Fuminori Nakamura : The novel was also a finalist for the 2012 Los Angeles Times Book Prize in the "Best Mystery/Thriller" category.
Fuminori Nakamura : The "Wall Street Journal" called "The Thief" a "chilling philosophical thriller" and included it in its "Best Fiction of 2012", while "Time Out Chicago" called the novel a "breath of fresh air."
Lee Ying Ha : Lee had received the "Outstanding Alumni Award" from INTI College.
Lee Ying Ha : She graduated from Sydney University, major in Economics, Politics & International Relations.
Lee Ying Ha : In the subsequent 2018 general election in May, she contested Pandan parliamentary seat and Teratai state seat under PRM tickets but had lost both.
Bai Baihe : The film grossed over 1.8 billion yuan to become the second highest grossing film in China.
Xiao Ge : In late 1995, Xiao went to France and successively studied in Universite De Provence Aix-Marseille, Oil Painting and Inter Media Art Department of école nationale supérieure des Beaux-arts de Paris, Ecole De La Chambre Syndicale De La Couture Parisienne and International Cultural Exchange Department of Université de Vincennes à Saint-Denis, where she received double bachelor's degrees and double master's degrees.
Awkwafina : She played a leading role in the comedy-drama film "The Farewell" (2019), for which she received critical acclaim and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical, becoming the first woman of Asian descent to win a Golden Globe in any lead actress film category.
Han Ye-ri : Han Ye-ri (born Kim Ye-ri on December 23, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Han Ye-ri : In 2021, Han's U.S. debut, "Minari", was nominated for six categories at the 93rd Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director, Music, Best Original Screenplay, Best Supporting Actress and Best Actor.
Anna Rita Del Piano : Anna Rita Del Piano, real name Anna Rita Viapiano (born 26 July 1966, in Cassano delle Murge), is an Italian actress and theater director.
Anna Rita Del Piano : In 2012 the actress Anna Rita Del Piano back to Cassano delle Murge in the guise of Director to present his latest production "Parigi nell'Anno del Signore" (into English: "Paris in the year of the Lord" .
Anna Rita Del Piano : Anna Rita Viapiano was born in Cassano delle Murge, where she lived his childhood; later she moved with her family to Matera where she started his first artistic studies with the ballet and then started actively interested in theater when she was a little over 14 years, attending Enrico Annecchino's laboratories, "Hermes" by Emilio Andrisani and "Teatro dei Sassi" always in Matera led by Massimo Lanzetta and Loredana Paolicelli.
Anna Rita Del Piano : As a movie actress holds, among others, the role of the social worker in the movie "Le bande" by Lucio Giordano and the ticket lady in "Focaccia blues" by Nico Cirasola and "Che bella giornata" by Checco Zalone.
Mindy Robinson : She often works with her long–term boyfriend, former UFC heavyweight champion and actor Randy Couture.
Paul Bruce : Paul Mark Bruce (born 18 February 1978) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a defender.
Kwon You-ri : Kwon You-ri (also "Gwon Yu-ri", ; born July 30, 1989) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle and butterfly events.
Maria Titova : On September 5–7, at the 2014 World Cup Final in Kazan, Russia, Ttiova she finished 22nd in all-around after 2 drops from her hoop and clubs routine and mistakes in ribbon, thus because of her unstable results, Irina Viner decided to remove Titova from Russia's team to compete in the 2014 World Championships, On October 18–20, Titova returned to competition at the 2014 Grand Prix Berlin where she won the all-around gold, In event finals she won gold in hoop, ball and ribbon and finished 8th in clubs.
Henrietta Ip : After the Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989, Ip urged the UK Parliament to grant full British citizenship to Hong Kong's British nationals in the council meeting held on 5 July 1989, saying that "we were born and live under British rule on British land...
Leung Wai-tung : She was also the member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority from 1985 until her resignation on 5 November 1996.
Leung Wai-tung : She was considered as radical among the majority of the appointed and pro-government legislative councillors, as she and Szeto Wah urged for repealing the government's regulation of political activities in schools, instead of moderating as the government revised on the Education (Amendment) Bill.
Dove Cameron : Dove Olivia Cameron (born Chloe Celeste Hosterman; January 15, 1996) is an American actress and singer, who played a dual role as the eponymous characters in the Disney Channel comedy series "Liv and Maddie", for which she won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performer in Children's Programming.
Aprilia Yuswandari : Aprilia Yuswandari (born 24 April 1988) is a badminton player from Indonesia.
Yana Kudryavtseva : She is the 2016 Olympic All-around silver medalist, three-time World Champion in the All-around (2013–2015), the 2015 European Games All-around champion, two-time (2014, 2016) European Championships All-around champion, the 2012 European Junior ball champion.
Melanie Joy : Afterwards, Joy made a gradual transition to veganism.
Melanie Joy : That experience led me to swear off meat, which led me to become more open to information about animal agriculture—information that had been all around me but that I had been unwilling to see, so long as I was still invested in maintaining my current way of life.
Melanie Joy : Melanie Joy (born September 2, 1966) is an American social psychologist and author, primarily notable for coining and promulgating the term carnism.
Melanie Joy : In a 2013 interview, she explained that her doctoral research had initially focused on the psychosociology of violence and discrimination, but later shifted to questions about the psychology of eating meat.
Melanie Joy : According to a review by Animal Charity Evaluators, the organization uses public talks, media campaigns, video development, and activist training in an effort to shift the public conversation about meat mainly in the United States and Germany.
Dieguito : Dieguito is a given name or nickname, meaning "Little Diego".
Nadine G. Barlow : She was considered to be one of the top Mars scholars in the world.
Nadine G. Barlow : Barlow worked on a number of NASA lunar and planetary science projects, including:
Nadine G. Barlow : Barlow received the University of Central Florida Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching Award in 2002 and the Palomar Community College Alumna of the Year Award for 2002–2003.
Shang Chunsong : Shang Chunsong (; born 18 March 1996) is a senior elite Chinese artistic gymnast.
Kim Jin-wook : Kim Jin-wook (born August 5, 1960) is the former manager of the Doosan Bears and KT Wiz of the KBO League.
Teresa Wat : She represents the electoral district of Richmond North Centre as a member of the British Columbia Liberal Party and was appointed Minister of International Trade, and Minister Responsible for the Asia Pacific Strategy and Multiculturalism on June 10, 2013 by Premier Christy Clark.
Lee Eun-sung : Lee Eun-sung (Hangul: 이은성; born August 8, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Lee Eun-sung : She made her acting debut in the youth drama "Sharp", followed by roles in the television series "Evasive Inquiry Agency" (2007), and the films "Dasepo Naughty Girls" (2006), "Milky Way Liberation Front" (2007) and "Take Off" (2009).
Lindsey Morgan : Morgan began her career in college at the University of Texas at Austin, then left for Los Angeles to chase her acting dream.
Ami Otaki : She played 3 games for Japan until 2013.
Zhu Yuling : Zhu Yuling (; born 10 January 1995) is a Chinese table tennis player.
Chen Meng : She is the women's singles champion of the ITTF Women's World Cup in 2020 and ITTF World Tour Grand Finals in 2017, 2018, and 2019.
Liu Chia-chang : Liu married actress Chiang Ching ( ) in 1966 and later had a son Liu Ji-chen ( ), who would later be renamed to Liu Ji-peng ( ).
Liu Chia-chang : Steven Liu Chia-chang (; born 13 April 1940 or 13 April 1943) is a former songwriter, singer, screenwriter, director and actor from the Republic of China (Taiwan).
Su Chih-fen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hung Hsiu-chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hung Hsiu-chu : On 30 October 2016, Hung led a delegation to attend the 11th Cross-strait Peace Development Forum which was held on 2–3 November in Beijing.
Hung Hsiu-chu : Hung has been the director of the ROC Children and Youth Welfare Association, chairperson of Chinese Youth Care Association, chairperson of ROC Tug of War Association (subsequently Chinese Taipei Tug of War Association), chairperson of Chinese Love Alliance of Care for the Weak, deputy director of Youth Work Association, deputy director of Women Work Association, chairperson of Chinese Care of Disadvantaged Groups Alliance, chairperson of ROC World Federation of Folk Dance, president of ROC Foundation of Kidney Prevention and general-counsel of ROC Sports Federation.
Kim Eun-sook : Kim Eun-sook (Korean: 김은숙, born 1973) is a South Korean screenwriter.
Helen Chang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Helen Chang : Chang obtained her bachelor's degree in business administration from National Chung Hsing University and her master's degree in strategic and international affairs from National Chung Cheng University.
Emi Nitta : In September 2014, she had her debut as a solo singer with the release of her first single.
Emi Nitta : In 2016, Weekly Asahi Geinou ran an article accusing Nitta of appearing in an adult video prior to her voice acting debut, due to similarities in looks and the placement of certain moles between Nitta and the AV actress in question.
Yeo Bee Yin : The Ministry is confident that this decision will help further ensure the well-being of the community and the environment.
Yeo Bee Yin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yeo Bee Yin : Yeo Bee Yin (; born 26 May 1983) is a Malaysian politician from the Democratic Action Party (DAP), a component party of the Pakatan Harapan (PH) opposition coalition.
Yeo Bee Yin : If the national electric reserve margin remained at the optimal 32% and if these projects were allowed to continue, it would increase the reserve margin to 46%, which is a level above what is required.
Yeo Bee Yin : She is the founder of LEAP (Leadership, Education, Activism and Politics), which aims to educate students on the political process and activism in Malaysia, such as the formation of political parties, election campaigns, constituency management, media relations, coalition formation and debates.
Yeo Bee Yin : She also works with DAP's Impian Malaysia movement, being one of the pioneers of the first Impian Sarawak project in Kampung Sait, Sarawak which works to provide basic infrastructure such as roads, water, and electricity in Sarawak.
Yeo Bee Yin : That is the first time Sustainable Energy Development Authority (SEDA) had opens the e-bidding for biogas in Feed in Tariff system aiming to create better pricing efficiency for electricity generated from the biogas resources through healthy competition.
Yeo Bee Yin : A total of 156MW (155.7256MW) renewable energy quota revoked in September 2018 allowing for 115MW (114.5682MW) on offer in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Yeo Bee Yin : In February 2019, the Malaysia government had called for bids for RM2 billion worth of projects under the third round of the large-scale solar (LSS3) scheme to increase electricity generation from renewable energy.
Yeo Bee Yin : Meanwhile, the total RE projects achieving commercial operation was 10,254 with total installed capacity of 621.96 MW (61.8 percent solar PV, 15.4 percent biomass, 11.5 percent biogas and 11.3 percent small hydro.
Yeo Bee Yin : The four cancelled IPPs were Malakoff Corp Bhd and Tenaga Nasional Bhd's 700MW gas powered plant in Kapar, Selangor; Aman Majestic Sdn Bhd and Tenaga Nasional's 1,400MW plant in Paka, Terengganu; Sabah Development Energy (Sandakan) Sdn Bhd and SM Hydro Energy Sdn Bhd hydropower plant at the Palm Oil Industrial Cluster (POIC) in Sandakan, Sabah and The solar power quota of 400MW to Edra Power Holdings Sdn Bhd for the utilisation of solar power plant.
Wang Ju-hsuan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Ju-hsuan : Wang served as adviser to Taipei Mayor Chen Shui-bian in 1996-1998, member of the Employment Discrimination Review Committee of the Taipei City Government in 1996-2008, member of Commission on Women's Right Promotion of Executive Yuan in 1998-2003, adviser to the Taipei City Government in 1999-2008, member of the Presidential Human Rights Advisory Council in 2004-2005 and member of the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee of the Executive Yuan in 2007-2008.
Christina Liu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Christina Liu : Liu received a bachelor's degree in political science from the National Taiwan University and an MBA and doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago.
Christina Liu : She resigned her legislative seat in November 2007 to run for reelection as a member of the Non-Partisan Solidarity Union, and lost.
Adèle Exarchopoulos : Adèle Exarchopoulos (Greek: Αντέλ Εξαρχοπούλου; ] ; born 22 November 1993) is a French actress.
Jessica Cambensy : Jessica Cambensy (born April 18, 1988), also known as ‘’’Jessica C.’’’, is an American-born Hong Kong model and actress.
Megumi Han : In 2008, after a general public call for the movie "Sakura no Sono", she made her debut as Satoshi Wada while studying at the Department of Drama at Nihon University College of Art.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : Clean.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : In addition to acting she is a playwright, having written work such as the series "Good.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : In 2009, Waller-Bridge starred in the play "Roaring Trade" at Soho Theatre.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : In 2019, Waller-Bridge co-wrote the screenplay for "No Time to Die" (2021), the 25th "James Bond" film, along with Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Cary Joji Fukunaga.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : She was educated at St Augustine's Priory, a Catholic independent school for girls, followed by the independent sixth form college DLD College London in the Marylebone area of London.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : In March 2019, HBO ordered the series "Run", which was executive-produced by Waller-Bridge and starred Domhnall Gleeson and Merritt Wever in lead roles.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge : For "Fleabag", Waller-Bridge received the British Academy Television Award for Best Female Comedy Performance, three Primetime Emmy Awards (Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series, Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, and Outstanding Comedy Series), and two Golden Globe Awards (Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy and Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy).
Bela Khotenashvili : Bela Khotenashvili (Georgian: ; born 1 June 1988) is a Georgian chess grandmaster.
Bela Khotenashvili : With team Georgia she has won also the silver medal at the 2009 Women's European Team Championship, and bronze in the 2010 Women's Chess Olympiad and 2011 Women's World Team Championship.
Jung Ae-ri : Jung Ae-ri (; born August 11, 1960) is a South Korean actress.
Jung Ae-ri : She rose to stardom in the 1985 drama "Love and Truth", for which she won the Daesang ("Grand Prize") at the MBC Drama Awards and Best TV Actress at the Baeksang Arts Awards.
Melanie Iglesias : In 2010, Iglesias was voted "Maxim's" Hometown Hotties winner, and in 2011 "Maxim" placed her on their annual list for the world's most beautiful women, the "Maxim Hot 100".
Christina Ong : For her services to the Italian fashion industry, Ong has been awarded the Italian Fashion Hall of Fame Award in 1995 and was conferred the Cavaliere del Lavoro.
Christina Ong : Christina Ong (née Fu, born October 1947), also known as the "Queen of Bond Street", is a Singaporean businesswoman.
So Hyun-kyung : She is best known for writing the TV dramas "Brilliant Legacy" (2009), "Prosecutor Princess" (2010), "49 Days" (2011), "My Daughter Seo-young" (2012), and "Two Weeks" (2013).
Tsai Ling-yi : Born as Tsai Ying-tao (蔡櫻桃) in a fishing village in Yilan County, Tsai married Wu Den-yih in 1970, and has four children.
Yūka Imamura : Imamura played for the All-Japan team for the first time at the Montreux Volley Masters in June 2013.
Chen Chao-min : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Chao-min : Chen Chao-min (; born 10 July 1940) was the Minister of National Defense of the Republic of China in 2008–2009.
Chen Chao-min : Chen resigned from the Ministry of National Defense ministerial post with the other cabinet members of Executive Yuan following the slow disaster response after Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan in August 2009.
Sarina Koga : Koga played with the Kumamoto Shin-ai Girls' High School team, winning the 2011 All-Japan Junior High School championship and receiving the Excellent Player award.
Sarina Koga : In October 2013, Koga competed in the 2013 FIVB Women's U23 Volleyball World Championship and won the bronze medal.
Yeh Chin-fong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yeh Chin-fong : However, she lost to Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) candidate Wong Chin-chu.
Yeh Chin-fong : Yeh Chin-fong (; born 22 June 1943) is a Taiwanese politician.
Sylvia Hoeks : Sylvia Hoeks (] ; born 1 June 1983) is a Dutch actress and former model best known internationally for her roles in "Blade Runner 2049" (2017) and "The Girl in the Spider's Web" (2018).
Tomihiko Morimi : In July 2018, it was announced that the first two of Morimi's original works to be published in English will be "Penguin Highway" and "The Night Is Short, Walk On Girl", both published by Yen Press in 2019.
June Squibb : June Louise Squibb (born November 6, 1929) is an American actress.
Kuan Chia-hsien : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Nancy T. Chang : In 1992, the Changs separated.
Ai Hashimoto : She appeared in "Confessions" in 2010 and starred in "The Kirishima Thing" in 2012, for which she won new face awards from the Japan Academy and "Kinema Junpo".
Ye Haiyan : Ye Haiyan (born 1975) is a Chinese gender activist, best known for her action in favor of women, prostitutes, and children against violence and sexual aggression.
Ye Haiyan : On 27 May 2013, she campaigned against a school director accused of raping six female students, aged 12 to 13.
Wang Huei-mei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wang Huei-mei : Wang Huei-mei (; born 22 November 1968) is a Taiwanese politician.
Kwan Tsui Hang : Kwan Tsui Hang is married to Lee Kuok Vá and have two sons.
Lee Chong Cheng : Lee Chong Cheng (; born 16 November 1965 in Macau) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau.
Lin Shu-fen : Lin Shu-fen (; born 17 January 1973) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.
Hsueh Ling : Hsueh Ling (; born in 1954) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.
Ma Wen-chun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Ting-fei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Ting-fei : Chen Ting-fei (; born 19 July 1974) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.
Mai Fuchigami : In 2011, she left Sigma Seven and moved to the talent agency INCS toenter.
Mai Fuchigami : Although she originally aspired to be an actress or a lawyer, she later decided to be a voice actress.
Mai Fuchigami : She graduated from the Yoyogi Animation vocational school in 2007.
Luiza Gega : She is the Albanian record holder in the 800, 1500, 3000, 5000, 10,000 metres, Half-Marathon and Marathon distances as well as the 3000 metres steeplechase.
Luiza Gega : Luiza Gega (born 5 November 1988) is an Albanian athlete specializing in middle-distance running.
Baek Ye-rin : In a 2007 episode of the SBS variety show "Amazing Contest Star King", Baek performed "Listen" by Beyoncé and was labeled a "contemporary R&B genius".
Han Go-eun : Han Go-eun (; born March 10, 1975) is a South Korean actress.
Han Go-eun : Han Go-eun won the Super Elite Model Contest in 1995, and after several years of modeling, she began acting full-time in 1998.
Seiko Yamamoto : In four years from 1999 till 2003, she collected four gold medals at the World Wrestling Championships.
Seiko Yamamoto : In 2006 she married team handball player Hideaki Nagashima and later retired, and in 2007 gave birth to a son.
Brittany Wenger : Brittany Wenger (born 1994) is an American student who was the first-place winner of the Google Science Fair in 2012.
Sara Däbritz : Sara Ilonka Däbritz (also spelled Daebritz, born 15 February 1995) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Paris Saint-Germain and the German national team.
Wang Chunyu : Wang Chunyu (; born 17 January 1995) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the 800 metres.
Li Xin'ai : Li Xin’ai (, born 10 April 1990), also known as Lee Hsin Ai, is a Chinese actress.
Li Xin'ai : She made her acting debut in Jay Chou's film "The Rooftop".
Emi Nakajima : In 2014, she played at 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games.
Lucy Ann Johnson : A few months after Johnson's rediscovery, Evans flew to Whitehorse to reunite with her mother and to meet Rhonda and her three other half-siblings.
Lucy Ann Johnson : Lucy Ann Johnson (born October 14, 1935) is an American-Canadian woman who was reported missing in May 1965, after not having been seen since September 1961.
Pamela Ware : Pamela Ware (born February 12, 1993) is a Canadian diver.
Pamela Ware : Ware has two bronze medals from the 2013 World Aquatics Championships where she won in the synchronized 3 m event with Abel and as well as individual bronze in the 3 m. She is also the silver medallist in the 3 m springboard at the 2015 Pan American Games, finishing second to Abel.
P. C. Thulasi : Puthenpurayil Chandrika Thulasi (born 31 August 1991) is an Indian badminton player.
Elizabeth Henstridge : Henstridge was born in Sheffield, England, attending Meadowhead School and King Edward VII School.
Elizabeth Henstridge : In 2015, Henstridge received positive reviews for her performance in "4,722 Hours", the fifth episode of the third season of "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."
Elizabeth Henstridge : Elizabeth Frances Henstridge (born 11 September 1987) is an English actress, model, director and fashion designer.
Aja Naomi King : She received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and a Master of Fine Arts from Yale University's School of Drama in 2010.
Aja Naomi King : In 2017, King appeared opposite Kevin Hart, Bryan Cranston, and Nicole Kidman in "The Upside", a remake of the 2011 French film "The Intouchables".
Maik Walpurgis : Maik Walpurgis (born 9 October 1973) is a German football coach who last managed Dynamo Dresden.
Hanan Ashrawi : Hanan Daoud Mikhael Ashrawi ( ; born October 8, 1946) is a Palestinian leader, legislator, activist, and scholar who served as a member of the Leadership Committee and as an official spokesperson of the Palestinian delegation to the Middle East peace process, beginning with the Madrid Peace Conference of 1991.
Si Yajie : Si Yajie (; born 4 December 1998) is a Chinese female diver.
Si Yajie : As a 14-year-old, she won the gold medal in the women's 10 m platform at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.
Tatiana Turanskaya : Tatiana Mikhailovna Turanskaya ( ; born November 20, 1972 in Odessa, Ukrainian SSR) is a Transnistrian politician and was the Prime Minister of Transnistria until 13 October 2015.
Rizki Amelia Pradipta : Rizki Amelia Pradipta (born 1 September 1990) is an Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Gerina Piller : <nowiki>*</nowiki>
Gerina Piller : Position in Women's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year.
Gerina Piller : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
Gerina Piller : Mendoza married fellow professional golfer Martin Piller in January 2011.
Gerina Piller : She was the 2007 Conference USA individual champion, Player of the Year and the UTEP Female Athlete of the Year.
Gerina Piller : Born in Roswell, New Mexico, Gerina Mendoza attended Goddard High School and won the state golf championship in 2003 and also was an all-state volleyball player.
Gerina Piller : Gerina Michelle Mendoza Piller (born March 29, 1985) is an American professional golfer, currently playing on the LPGA Tour.
Maya DiRado : Madeline Jane "Maya" DiRado - Andrews (born April 5, 1993) is an American former competitive swimmer who specialized in freestyle, butterfly, backstroke, and individual medley events.
Maya DiRado : At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won a gold medal in the women's 4x200 meter freestyle relay, a silver medal in the 400 meter individual medley, a bronze medal in the women's 200 meter individual medley, and a gold medal in the 200 meter backstroke.
Cheryl Boone Isaacs : She represented the Public Relations Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), known for its annual Academy Awards (Oscars), on the AMPAS Board of Governors for 21 years, until 2013.
Vaani Kapoor : She made her film debut in the 2013 romantic comedy "Shuddh Desi Romance", a critical and commercial success, which earned her Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut.
Lindaweni Fanetri : Lindaweni Fanetri (born 18 January 1989) is a former Indonesian badminton player.
Wang Hui-ling : Hui-Ling started her career with co-writing the script of Eat Drink Man Woman with director Ang Lee and James Schamus.
Katherine Waterston : She portrayed Chrisann Brennan in "Steve Jobs" (2015), and went on to star in "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016) and its .
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : <nowiki>*</nowiki>
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : Unlike many of her fellow competitors she used an anchored putter until anchoring was banned by the R&A.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : After the conclusion of the 2013 Women's British Open, she was chosen by Liselotte Neumann as one of her four captain's selections to the 2013 European Solheim Cup Team for the matches to be held in Colorado.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : Position in Women's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : ^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : Ewart married Adam Shadoff, now a sports anchor and reporter at WOFL-TV in Orlando, Florida, on 19 January 2013.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : Her most successful season to date is 2013 when she finished tied for 7th in the 2013 Kraft Nabisco Championship and tied for 4th in the 2013 U.S. Women's Open.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : Jodi Ewart Shadoff (born 7 January 1988) is an English professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour and on the Ladies European Tour.
Jodi Ewart Shadoff : She is also a two-time English Amateur Champion, winning in 2008 and again in 2009.
Caitlin FitzGerald : In 2015, she appeared in the indie comedy "Adult Beginners" (previously called "Brother's Keeper") from director Ross Katz as Kat, the girlfriend of Jake (Nick Kroll) who dumps him after his tech startup fails and he moves back to his family home.
Caitlin FitzGerald : "Indiewire" has described her character as one of the most underrated in television: "Libby Masters is a character who could easily have come across as insipid instead of likable and poignant ... FitzGerald fully conveys Libby's willowy fragility, her fairly sheltered outlook and girlishness – she sometimes calls her husband 'Daddy'—while making it clear she isn't a simple stand-in for conservative values or cluelessness ... FitzGerald makes Libby's perceptiveness and her transparency clear."
Go Doo-shim : Best known for playing the quintessential devoted, self-sacrificing mother figure on TV, Go has won the Daesang (the highest acting prize in Korea) a record number of seven times: for her performances in the dramas "Fetters of Love" (1989), "The Dancing Gayageum" (1990), "My Husband's Woman" (1992), "Virtue" (2000), "Ode to the Han River" (2004), "More Beautiful Than a Flower" (2004) and All About My Mom (2015).
N. Sikki Reddy : Nelakurihi Sikki Reddy (born 18 August 1993) is an Indian badminton player who plays doubles and mixed doubles.
Huang Yali : Huang Yali (; born March 22, 1989) is a Chinese pop singer who earned sixth place in the 2006 "Super Girl" contest.
Katherine McNamara : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katherine McNamara : While growing up, McNamara was an advanced student in certain subjects, resulting in her being part-homeschooled; she received her high school diploma at age 14.
Marija Ulitina : Marija Viktorivna Ulitina (; also transliterated Mariya or Maria, born 5 November 1991) is a badminton player from Ukraine and the National Champion of Ukraine.
Marija Ulitina : She represented Ukraine in the 2016 Summer Olympics and proceeded to the knockout round after defeating the former world number one Saina Nehwal of India and Lohaynny Vicente of Brazil in the group stage.
Beatriz Corrales : Beatriz Corrales Ocaña (] ; born 3 December 1992) is a badminton player from Spain.
Linda Zetchiri : Linda Zetchiri ( ) (born July 27, 1987) is a badminton player from Bulgaria.
Wiska : Anastasiya was born in Gomel but grew up in the Crimean city of Feodosia where she met her husband Oleksandr.
Wiska : Anastasiya claims her first porn shooting took place in Russia in 2004, where she was paid $500 per week, considerable money for Ukraine at that time.
Wiska : Circa 2007, Wiska's identity was revealed in Ukraine after a family interview for one of the local tabloids, which attracted journalistic interest and launched her as a national celebrity posing for mainstream media.
Wiska : In 2003, Oleksandr was convicted and imprisoned for 8 years for a vehicle arson.
Wiska : Between 2004 and 2008, Anastasiya, nicknamed Wiska, starred in over 40 pornographic films, including at least one movie with Rocco Siffredi.
Wiska : As of August 2013, the family was denied asylum, but continued to live in the Czech Republic near Prague and applied for legal residence there, which they received on 2 September 2013.
Judy Dan : In 1952, she won the Miss Hong Kong Pageant, then known as the Miss Hong Kong Beauty Contest, and was third runner-up at the Miss Universe 1952 contest.
Judy Dan : Judy Dan was born in Shanghai on September 9, 1930, the daughter of film director Dan Duyu and actress Yin Mingzhu, and was raised in Hong Kong.
Nitya Krishinda Maheswari : Nitya Krishinda Maheswari Korwa (born 16 December 1988) is a former Indonesian badminton player who played in the women's doubles event.
Meghana Jakkampudi : Meghana Jakkampudi (born 28 December 1995) is an Indian badminton player.
K. Maneesha : Kukkapalli Maneesha (born 29 April 1995) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays women's and mixed doubles.
K. Maneesha : For mixed doubles events she partners with Satwiksairaj Rankireddy, and previously, Manu Attri and K. Nandagopal.
Rachel Bloom : Rachel Leah Bloom (born April 3, 1987) is an American actress, comedian, writer, singer, songwriter, and producer.
Rachel Bloom : In April 2010, Bloom wrote and sang the song "Fuck Me, Ray Bradbury", which gained a cult following when it was released on Ray Bradbury's 90th birthday in 2010.
Soo Beng Kiang : He had played with different pairs such as Cheah Soon Kit (1990–1994) and Tan Kim Her (1995-1996).
Soo Beng Kiang : Soo Beng Kiang {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'KMN BSD', '4': "} (born 19 March 1968) is a former badminton player from Malaysia.
Akari Uemura : Uemura was introduced at the "Hello Puro Kenshuusei Happyoukai 2012: 3-tsuki no Nama Tamago Show!"
Akari Uemura : On February 2013, she was chosen as a member of Juice=Juice.
Sayuki Takagi : She left Hello!
Tomoko Kanazawa : She was later chosen as a member of the new group Juice=Juice.
Reham Khan : On 6 January 2015, Imran Khan confirmed his marriage to Reham which ended on 30 October 2015 in a divorce.
Reham Khan : Reham Nayyar Khan ( ; born 3 April 1973) is a British-Pakistani journalist, author, and filmmaker.
Dami Im : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Dami Im : On 4 March, it also announced Im would release a new album in April called "Classic Carpenters".
Dami Im : Im's sixth lead single "Smile" was released on 29 May 2015, and debuted at number 48.
Dami Im : Im represented Australia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 held in Stockholm, Sweden, with the song "Sound of Silence", breaking the record for Australia by placing second.
Ma Ruifang : In 1980, Ma started to study the literature of Pu Songling.
Ma Ruifang : Ma Ruifang (, Xiao'erjing: ; born 1942) is a Chinese author, scholar and professor at the School of Literature, Shandong University.
Toula Limnaios : Toula Limnaios is one of the most eminent figures of German dance scene.
Toula Limnaios : In 1996 she founded cie. toula limaios, a contemporary dance company that brought her choreographic art onto the stages worldwide, including Africa, Belgium, Brazil, Germany, Lithuania, Latvia, Denmark, Ecuador, France, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Austria, Poland, Venezuela etc.
Toula Limnaios : Toula Limnaios (Greek: Toula Limneos Τούλα Λιμναίος, * 1963 in Athens) is a Greek choreographer, performer and, alongside a composer Ralf R. Ollertz, artistic director of cie. toula limnaios, a dance company based in HALLE TANZBÜHNE BERLIN.
Toula Limnaios : Between 2007 and 2008 she was a guest professor at the Ernst Busch Academy of Dramatic Arts (Hochschule für Schauspielkunst „Ernst Busch“ ) in Berlin.
Toula Limnaios : After completing her studies in classical and modern dance, M. Alexander and Laban technique, music and dance education, she worked as a dancer with Claudio Bernardo and Régine Chopinot, and as an assistant with Pierre Droulers.
Evgenia Medvedeva : She would continue to represent Russia and her current club (Sambo 70) while training in Canada.
Evgenia Medvedeva : She stated, "Previously, the entire element would have received zero points, but now only the third triple toe would be discarded and I thought since I can do it, why not try?".
Evgenia Medvedeva : She is a two-time Olympic silver medalist (2018 ladies' singles, 2018 team event), a two-time world champion (2016, 2017), a two-time European champion (2016, 2017), a two-time Grand Prix Final champion (2015, 2016), a two-time Russian national champion (2016, 2017), silver medalist at the 2018 European Figure Skating Championships and bronze medalist at the 2019 World Championships.
Song Sun-mi : Song Sun-mi (born 28 May 1990 in Kunpo City) is a professional squash player who represents South Korea.
Song Sun-mi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yoo In-young : In 2013, Yoo was chosen as a model for Elizabeth Arden, the first Korean actor to represent the cosmetic brand exclusively in the Asian region.
Liu Huixia : Liu Huixia (, born 30 November 1997) is a Chinese female diver.
Liu Huixia : As the partner of Chen Ruolin at synchronized 10 metre platform, she won the gold medal at the 2013 World Championships in Barcelona and 2015 World Championships in Kazan.
Yangwei Linghua : Yang was born on 20 December 1980 in Ordos, Inner Mongolia.
Li Guyi : Li was born in 1944 in Kunming, Yunnan, at Huidian Hospital ( ), she graduated from Hunan Art College (now part of Hunan Normal University) in 1961.
Gao Xixi : Gao Xixi (; born June 16, 1962) is a Chinese television director and producer, famous for directing a number of commercially successful Chinese television series.
Soniia Cheah Su Ya : In her junior career, she represented Malaysia at the 2009, 2010, and 2011 Asian Junior Championships, World Junior Championships, 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, and 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games.
Andreas Ludwig : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Andreas Ludwig : Andreas Ludwig (born 11 September 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II in the Regionalliga Südwest.
Lim Yin Loo : Lim Yin Loo (born 24 September 1988) is a Malaysian professional badminton player.
Lim Yin Loo : Lim won her first BWF Grand Prix title at the 2016 Scottish Open in the women's doubles event partnered with Yap Cheng Wen.
Woon Khe Wei : Janice Woon Khe Wei (born 18 March 1989) is a former Malaysian badminton player in the doubles event.
Chang Sisi : Chang Sisi (; born May 6, 1987 in Jinan, Shandong) is a Chinese singer.
Tang Can : On 13 September 2010, Tang joined the Chinese People's Liberation Army Naval Song and Dance Troupe.
Annie Chen : She, then, moved to the Hsing Wu University of Science and Technology, Department of Finance, where she applied for leave because of her work.
Annie Chen : The selection process was between June 18 to August 18 of 2007.
Grace Chan : In February 2019, Chan announced on Instagram that she gave birth to their son Rafael Cheng.
Grace Chan : Grace Chan (born 23 June 1992) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress, television show host, and beauty pageant titleholder.
Saara Aalto : Saara Sofia Aalto (born 2 May 1987) is a Finnish singer, songwriter, and voice actress.
Choi Yoon-young : Choi Yoon-young (Korean:  ; born September 25, 1986) is a South Korean actress.
Ah Young : With a change of label, her future activities with Dal Shabet remains in discussion.
Hayley Chan : Hayley Victoria Chan (also "Chan Hei Man", ; born January 10, 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong windsurfer, who specialized in class.
Madison Beer : Madison Elle Beer (born March 5, 1999) is an American singer and songwriter.
Rina Bovrisse : In April–August 2013, a Change.org petition calling for Prada to drop its countersuit against Bovrisse collected over 222,000 signatures.
Rina Bovrisse : In 2011, Bovrisse designed a prestigious preschool, Chateau School offering a diverse and international experience.
Rina Bovrisse : Bovrisse has lectured on gender equality and positive action at law schools, universities, fashion schools and TED.
Rina Bovrisse : The UN has backed Bovrisse and The UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Japan's State party to introduce new regulations that would make sexual harassment in the workplace illegal.
Rina Bovrisse : In 2016, Japan's ranking remained 101st behind Gambia and Tajikistan is a dearth of female voices in power.
Rina Bovrisse : Most of her fashion career, she worked for Chanel Fashion Division in New York and Paris.
Rina Bovrisse : In 2013, American Chamber of Commerce in Japan The Women in Business Committee welcomed Bovrisse as spokesperson of Global Advocate for Women in Business at Tokyo American Club.
Rina Bovrisse : On August 6, 2013, Bovrisse was interviewed by CBS Los Angeles news by CBS TV reporter, Andrea Fujii and commented, "I want to eliminate any discrimination and harassment in the fashion industry because it’s not beautiful".
Rina Bovrisse : On May 8, 2012, Asian Transnational Corporations Monitoring Network sent a letter against LVMH Group in hiring Sebastian Suhl for Givenchy who was the key player of sexual harassment and discrimination case.
Rina Bovrisse : In 2013, Bovrisse pointed out at Geneva Press Club that Japan is the 3rd largest economy of the world and 42% of the nation's workers being females, but gender equality was ranked 101st out of 135 countries measured in 2012.
Rina Bovrisse : In 2012, Tokyo Court female judge Reiko Morioka dismissed Bovrisse's Prada Gender Discrimination Case, said: discrimination is "acceptable for a luxury fashion label and that a well-compensated female employee should be able to withstand a certain level of harassment."
Rina Bovrisse : Bovrisse reached global media attention from breaking news and cover stories as the first female executive to counter report a fashion case to the United Nations for human rights of women.
Rina Bovrisse : In October 2013, Bovrisse presented to advocate the promotion of UN Women organized by the Center for Comparative and Public Law (CCPL) of the University of Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Women's Coalition on Equal Opportunities and the Women’s Studies Research Centre (WSRC), joined by Emily Lau and Hong Kong NGOs.
Rina Bovrisse : Bovrisse met with the Chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Hong Kong, Emily Lau, and the General Secretary of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions, Lee Cheuk-yan, on IPO regulations.
Sjokz : It was due to esports journalist Travis Gafford's YouTube show "Whose League is it Anyway?"
Sjokz : Eefje Depoortere (] ; born 16 June 1987), known professionally as Sjokz ( ), is a Belgian television presenter, reporter, and esports player who is currently the host of the "League of Legends" World Championship.
Hannah John-Kamen : She enjoys playing the piano and is trained in various dances such as ballet, cabaret, jazz, salsa, and tap.
Woo Seung-jae : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amba Shepherd : Amba Shepherd was named "The most relevant guest vocalist in EDM" by "Elektro Mag" June 2013 and "The number one voice on today's dance floor" by DMC World.
Pauline Yu : Pauline Yu (; born 1949) is an American scholar of Chinese literature and culture noted for her contributions to the study of classical Chinese poetry and comparative literature.
Pauline Yu : They have three children, Emily, Matthew, and Alexander; and three grandchildren, Henry, Maxwell, and Samuel.
Pauline Yu : in modern French and German history and literature from Harvard University.
Pauline Yu : Yu taught at the University of Minnesota from 1976 to 1985, at Columbia University from 1985 to 1989, and was founding chair of the Department of East Asian Languages and Literature at the University of California, Irvine from 1989 to 1994.
Pauline Yu : Her article "'Your Alabaster in This Porcelain': Judith Gautier’s "Le livre de jade"" received the William Riley Parker Prize for best PMLA article of 2007.
Pauline Yu : She is an elected member of the American Philosophical Society and Committee of 100, the Board of Directors of both the Teagle Foundation and the Chiang Ching-Kuo Foundation for International Scholarly Exchange, and the Kluge Scholars’ Council of the Library of Congress.
Pat Storey : Together they have two adult children; Luke and Carolyn.
Pat Storey : She studied French and English at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1983; as per tradition, her BA was later promoted to a Master of Arts (MA Dubl) degree.
Zhiting Wu : In an international 9-Ball tournament, Wu consecutively defeated 2 former world champions, Xiaoting Pan from China and Allison Fisher from England.
Zhiting Wu : In the Taiwan selection to Women’s World 10-Ball Championship 2013, she was selected by defeating Lin Hsiao-Chi (WPA ranking 26th), Lai Hui-Shan (WPA ranking 15th) and 2013 World Games gold medal winner Chou, Chieh-Yu (WPA ranking 11th), all of which rank higher than Wu (WPA ranking 32nd) at that time.
Frauke Petry : Petry separated from her husband, Sven Petry, a Lutheran pastor, in October 2015.
Frauke Petry : Petry had formerly served as one of three party spokespersons from 2013 to 2015, and became leader in 2015, displacing the party's founder Bernd Lucke after an internal power struggle; Lucke subsequently left the party and said it has "fallen irretrievably into the wrong hands" after Petry's election.
Richi Puspita Dili : Richi Puspita Dili (born 10 July 1989 in Sleman) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Richi Puspita Dili : Now she is pairing with Riky Widianto.
Kazuteru Kozai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bellaetrix Manuputty : Bellaetrix Manuputty (born 11 October 1988) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Febby Angguni : Febby Angguni (born 8 July 1991) is an Indonesian badminton player who affiliate with Berkat Abadi Banjarmasin club.
Hanna Ramadini : She plays in the women's singles discipline.
Hanna Ramadini : Hanna Ramadini (born 21 February 1995) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Lau Wai Ming : Some of the well-known opera titles performed include:
Lau Wai Ming : Over the years, she has performed in over 50 opera works and has worked with artists such as 南紅、任冰兒、尹飛燕、白雪紅、尤聲普、阮兆輝、陳詠儀、王超群、莊婉仙、李淑勤、陳嘉鳴、岑翠紅、鄭詠梅、花居冠、鄧美玲、高麗、文寶森、新劍郎、廖國森、溫玉瑜 among others.
Sam Bailey : Bailey is a fan of her local football club, Leicester City.
Sam Bailey : Samantha Florence Bailey (born 29 June 1977) is an English singer, who won the tenth series of "The X Factor" in 2013.
Sam Bailey : In 1996, then 18-year-old Bailey formed the ska duo Girls Next Door with her friend Julie Nunney and they recorded a song called "Too Late", which was produced by Right Said Fred bassist Clyde Ward.
Sam Bailey : Bailey was born in Bexley, London to parents Ronnie (1950–2008) and Jackie Bailey.
Olivia Cooke : After four years in New York City, she moved to London in January 2020.
Valentina Nappi : As of March 2015, she writes a column in the political and social magazine "MicroMega".
Valentina Nappi : She was Playmate in the Italian issue of "Playboy" in June 2012 and Penthouse Pet of the Month in November 2013.
Valentina Nappi : Valentina Nappi (born 6 November 1990) is an Italian pornographic film actress and adult model.
Aida Nikolaychuk : She started singing in the first grade, when she became the school choir soloist, and later on performed at school as a hip hop backup singer until 2002, and in her school choir in the fifth and eighth grades.
Yaya Han : Han was featured on the Syfy channel's "Heroes of Cosplay", and has appeared as a guest judge on the TBS reality show "King of the Nerds" multiple times.
Susan Bennett : Bennett now lives in Atlanta, Georgia.
Susan Bennett : Bennett was born in Burlington, Vermont, and attended high school at Clinton Central School in Clinton, New York.
Susan Bennett : Bennett's career began in 1974 when she was recorded as the voice of First National Bank of Atlanta's "Tillie the All-Time Teller."
Susan Bennett : She worked in a home recording booth in July 2005, more than four hours each day, reading phrases and sentences.
Susan Bennett : Susan Alice Bennett (née Cameron, born July 31, 1949) is an American voice-over artist and a former backup singer for Roy Orbison and Burt Bacharach.
Berry Angriawan : Berry Angriawan (born 3 October 1991) is an Indonesian badminton player from PB Djarum club.
Dayana Kirillova : She is a multiple laureate of Russian and international song contests, the Russian representative at the 2013 Slavianski Bazaar (children's competition), and the Russian representative at the 2013 Junior Eurovision which took place on 30 November in Kyiv.
Dayana Kirillova : According to her, Dayana likes performing on stage, she comports herself on stage like "a grown-up" and performing in front of a large audience is a "sheer pleasure for her".
Hsu Chieh-yu : Hsu Chieh-yu (; also known as Connie Hsu; born 14 January 1992) is a Taiwanese tennis player.
Michelle Chen : After middle school, she studied at Southwestern Academy in California in the United States, eventually graduating from the University of Southern California with a bachelor's degree in business administration in 2005.
Michelle Chen : Michelle Chen Yanxi (born Chen Mei-hsuan; 31 May 1983) is a Taiwanese actress and singer.
Asa Nonami : Nonami attended Waseda University where she studied Sociology but dropped out to take a job at an advertising agency.
Wahyu Nayaka : Wahyu Nayaka Arya Pankaryanira (born 22 June 1992) is an Indonesian badminton player who plays in doubles category.
Tiara Rosalia Nuraidah : Tiara Rosalia Nuraidah (born 27 June 1993) is an Indonesian doubles badminton player.
Angela Duckworth : in neuroscience on a Marshall Scholarship, and from the University of Pennsylvania in 2006 with a Ph.D. in psychology.
Gebby Ristiyani Imawan : Gebby Ristiyani Imawan (born 6 March 1992 in Tangerang) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Suci Rizky Andini : Suci Rizky Andini (born 26 March 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player specializing in doubles, from the Mutiara Cardinal Bandung club.
Della Destiara Haris : In the junior event, she was the mixed doubles silver medalist at the 2009 World Junior Championships, and also the mixed team and doubles bronze medalists at the 2010 Asian Junior Championships.
Della Destiara Haris : Della Destiara Haris (born 8 December 1992) is an Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.
Irfan Fadhilah : Irfan Fadhilah (born 2 July 1990) is an Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta club.
Weni Anggraini : Weni Anggraini (born 16 October 1990) is an Indonesian doubles specialist badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta club.
Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja : Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja (born 28 December 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player who affiliate with PB Djarum since 2007.
Ellen Lee : Lee is married.
Ellen Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Angeline Khoo : In late 2000, Angeline joined the girl group M-Girls and has released over 50 albums in her 20+ years in the music industry which was all mentioned in the Hisoing Interview in 2012.
Stephen Carlile : Carlile has performed in many theatre works including the Broadway production of "The Lion King" as Scar, "Noël" (National Opera House in Ireland), the West End production of "The Go-Between" as Viscount Trimingham, as Captain Hook in the US national tour of "Peter Pan 360", as Agustín Magaldi in "Evita", lead tenor singing "Springtime for Hitler" in the West End production of" The Producers", "Peter Pan" as Smee, "The Wizard of Oz", "My Fair Lady" as Freddy Eynsford-Hill, "Next Door's Baby" as Dickie O' Brien, "The Pirates of Penzance" as Frederic, "Space Family Robinson" and "The Phantom of the Opera".
Moon Chung-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
DiAna DiAna : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Denise Lee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Fan Lu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stephanie Beatriz : She has lived in Los Angeles since 2010.
Stephanie Beatriz : Beatriz and Hoss married on 6 October 2018.
Priscilla Wong : Priscilla Wong Tsui-yu (born 23 October 1981) is a Hong Kong actress and television host.
Kaki Leung : Kaki Leung (born 14 July 1981) is a Hong Kong television actress and hostess.
Kaki Leung : In 2003, Leung received a Bachelor of Acting degree with Honors from The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts (HKAPA).
Hamad Ali Hamad : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sharon Kwan : Her interest in pursuing Chinese culture and music led her to move to China in 2002 to study, and attended elementary school in the Shanghai Conservatory of Music.
Paulina Vega : Paulina Vega Dieppa (] ; born 15 January 1993) is a Colombian television host, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Colombia 2013 and Miss Universe 2014.
Jaclyn Tsai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jaclyn Tsai : Simultaneously, she held the positions of Convener, E-commerce Development Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Convener, Mobile Broadband Service and Industry Development Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Convener, Virtual World Law Adjustment Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Convener, vMaker Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Convener, Golden Pin Design Award Ceremony Organizing Committee; Convener, Chung Hsing New Village Innovation Zone Taskforce; Deputy Convener, Innovation and Startups Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Deputy Convener, National Information and Communications Initiative Committee, Executive Yuan; Member, Open Data Advisory Taskforce, Executive Yuan; Member, Board of Science and Technology, Executive Yuan.
Jaclyn Tsai : She was a founder of Lee, Tsai and Partners (1998 – 2013), General Counsel of IBM Greater China Group (1996 - 1998), General Counsel of IBM Taiwan (1991 - 1996), Judge of Taipei, Shih-Lin, Taoyuan and Chang hua District Courts (1982 - 1991).
Yoo An-jin : Yu has received many awards including the 1990 간행물윤리위원회 간행물 윤리상, the 1996 12회 펜문학상, the 1998 10th Jeong Ji-young Literature Prize, the 2000 35th Woltan Literature Prize (2003), and the 2012 44th Korean Poet's Association Prize.
Yoo An-jin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lisa Cheng : Lisa Cheng (Chinese name: 鄭麗莎, Cheng Lai-sho, born 17 February 1986) is a Hong Kong champion body builder and speed climber, known as 'Hong Kong's Spider Girl'.
Lisa Cheng : On September 20, 2013, she married her boyfriend after two years - Calvin Kong.
Kennedy Summers : Kennedy Summers (born March 3, 1987) is a German-born American model, actress and stock trader.
Anggia Shitta Awanda : Anggia Shitta Awanda (born 22 May 1994) is an Indonesian badminton player specializing in doubles, from Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.
Melati Daeva Oktavianti : Melati Daeva Oktavianti (born 26 October 1994) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Rosyita Eka Putri Sari : Rosyita Eka Putri Sari (born 6 July 1996) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Arya Maulana Aldiartama : Arya Maulana Aldiartama (born 30 September 1995, in Surakarta) is a male Indonesian badminton player from PB Djarum club specializes in doubles.
Kim Sung-hong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ikumi Hayama : On April 1, 2015, she announced that she had joined Clare Voice.
Ana Matnadze : Matnadze moved to Barcelona and won the Catalan Women's Championship in Balaguer in 2006.
Ana Matnadze : Ana Matnadze (Georgian: ; born 20 February 1983) is a Georgian-Spanish chess player.
Zhou Jiping : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhou Jiping : Zhou Jiping graduated from China University of Petroleum in Geology.
Zhou Jiping : Zhou Jiping (born 1952) is the general manager and then chairman of the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC).
Konomi Suzuki : In January 2020, Suzuki's management announced that she had transferred to the talent agency Double Digital, a newly formed subsidiary of internet company CyberAgent.
Cheng Youshu : In 1984, Cheng went to Denmark with her husband when he served as China's Ambassador to Denmark.
Cheng Youshu : Cheng Youshu (; born 1924) is a Chinese diplomat and poet.
Mi Yang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mi Yang : Mi Yang (born 24 January 1989 in Gansu, China) is a Chinese volleyball player.
Tang Sulan : In 2008, she was a member of the 11th National Committee of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Tang Sulan : Tang Sulan (; born 1965) is a female Chinese writer.
Ye Wenling : She was a member of the 6th, 7th and 8th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Ye Wenling : In 1986, Ye moved to Hangzhou and worked for the Zhejiang Writers Association.
Lim Kim : Lim Kim (born Kim Ye-rim; on January 21, 1994) is a South Korean singer and a member of the band Togeworl with Do Dae-yoon.
Lim Kim : Togeworl released their first song in February 2012 for the soundtrack for the TVN variety show "The Romantic".
Lim Kim : After an over-three-year hiatus, Lim Kim released "SAL-KI", her first published song as a rapper, on May 24, 2019.
Irene Cuesta : Cuesta is a representative for Federación Española de Tiro con Arco, the Spanish archery federation.
Irene Cuesta : In November 2013, she participated in an archery competition held at Chichen Itza, where she won a bronze after defeating British archer Lucy O'Sullivan by a score of 141–132 in the bronze medal match.
Mia Malkova : In an interview, she revealed that "the only reason she got into porn is because she loves sex and the porn world is the safest and the best place to explore sex in all its forms."
Mia Malkova : In December 2019 she and Hearthstone streamer Trump released a duetto singing a song "A Whole New World" together.
Mia Malkova : In April 2020, Malkova and eleven other adult/former adult actresses appeared in the music video for the G-Eazy song "Still Be Friends".
Wu Xin : Wu Xin (; born 29 January 1983), also named Orfila (), is a Chinese host and actress who is famous for co-hosting the TV game show "Happy Camp" which airs on Hunan Satellite TV with fellow hosts He Jiong, Xie Na, Du Haitao, and Li Weijia.
Christine Fox : She officially retired from the Pentagon in May 2014.
Gina Rodriguez : In an interview, Rodriguez revealed that she has suffered from Hashimoto's disease, a thyroid condition, since the age of 19.
Gina Rodriguez : Most notably, she became involved with various organisations in 2015, ranging from CustomInk to Naja Lingerie, all of which Rodriguez has stated have a special connection to her life and experiences.
Gina Rodriguez : Later in 2015, PACER's (The Parent Advocacy Coalition for Educational Rights) National Bullying Prevention Center teamed up with CustomInk and enlisted the help of various celebrities, Rodriguez among them, to raise money for their fifth annual "Be Good to Each Other Campaign".
Reina Triendl : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Reina Triendl : She played the lead role in the 2015 horror film "Tag".
Chi Zijian : On January 15, 2020, she was elected vice-chairwoman of the CPPCC Heilongjiang Provincial Committee.
Chi Zijian : She is best known for her novel "The Last Quarter of the Moon" which won the Mao Dun Literary Prize (2008), one of the most prestigious literature prizes in China.
Chi Zijian : One year later, she attended Beijing Normal University and Lu Xun Literary Institute.
Chi Zijian : Chi entered Daxing'anling Normal College ( ) in 1981 and she started to publish novels in 1983.
Chi Zijian : Chi Zijian (; born 27 February 1964) is a Chinese novelist.
Emily Bell : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yu Xiaohui : Yu married novelist Sun Li, they co-wrote the novels "Rhapsody of Metropolis" and "Wishing We Last Forever".
Yu Xiaohui : Yu started to publish novels in 1981.
Yu Xiaohui : Yu was born in Shanghai in 1949.
Yu Xiaohui : She joined the China Writers Association in 1991.
Yu Xiaohui : She worked in Heilongjiang Production and Construction Corps in 1968.
Yu Xiaohui : After graduation, Yu worked in Tianjin Art Academy ( ) and Tianjin College of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( ) as a teacher.
Jeannie Hsieh : The music video for Hsieh's 2013 single "Sister (姐姐)" has been viewed over 33 million times on YouTube (25 million in 2013).
Jeon So-min : Jeon So-min (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; born April 7, 1986) is a South Korean actress, model and author.
Jeon So-min : Her other notable performances include the daily drama "Tomorrow Victory" (2015), romantic comedy drama "Something About 1 Percent" (2016), medical thriller "Cross", romantic comedy drama Top Star U-back (2018), KBS Drama Special Review: Notebook of my Embarrassing Days (2018), KBS Drama Special Birthday Letter (2019), TVN Drama Stage Big Data Romance (2019).
Misako Uno : She was then signed onto the 'Avex Artist Academy'.
Misako Uno : This club is the predecessor of AAA.
Emily Lakdawalla : Lakdawalla resides in Los Angeles with her husband, economist Darius Lakdawalla.
Emily Lakdawalla : Starting in September 2013, Lakdawalla has penned the monthly "In the Press" column for "Nature Geoscience".
Emily Lakdawalla : Lakdawalla has also engaged in advocacy for citizen science research projects, especially those involving space exploration, such as CosmoQuest and Zooniverse.
Emily Lakdawalla : She has appeared on such media outlets as NPR, BBC and BBC America.
Emily Lakdawalla : In addition to Europa, Lakdawalla cited Enceladus (a moon of Saturn), due to its active salty geysers: "Those geysers are salty – it's a salt water ocean, so we basically have a world that is conveniently venting its ocean out into space.
Emily Lakdawalla : In 2000 she received her Master of Science degree in planetary geology from Brown University.
Emily Lakdawalla : Lakdawalla is a contributing editor to "Sky & Telescope" magazine, for which she has written articles about Mars, the Moon, outer planets, spacecraft imaging, and Kuiper belt objects.
Emily Lakdawalla : Following Bill Nye's installation as The Planetary Society's Executive Director, Lakdawalla has appeared on television, in webcasts, on Google+ Hangouts, and on Snapshots from Space, viewable from The Planetary Society's YouTube channel.
Emily Lakdawalla : In an interview with Brad Allen, Lakdawalla discussed the path that led to a career in science communication, the state of human space exploration and current space exploration missions, such as the Mars Science Laboratory.
Emily Lakdawalla : She has also worked with an international team to analyze returned Mars rover data, and to evaluate Devon Island as a test site for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) developed for use on Mars.
Amelia Rose Blaire : Blaire was born in New York City and raised in Los Angeles.
Amelia Rose Blaire : In June 2017, Blaire announced her engagement to actor Bryan Dechart on Twitter.
Sophia Amoruso : On January 12, 2015, Amoruso announced she was stepping down as CEO of Nasty Gal, knowing the company couldn't continue under the current leadership.
Sophia Amoruso : In November 2016, the company was reported to be filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, with Amoruso resigning as executive chairwoman.
Sophia Amoruso : In 2003, while living in Portland, Oregon, she stopped stealing after being caught shoplifting.
Sophia Amoruso : Amoruso was born in San Diego, California, in 1984.
Sophia Amoruso : Sophia Christina Amoruso (born April 20, 1984) is an American businesswoman.
Sophia Amoruso : To get the health insurance for surgery, she worked in the Academy of Art University lobby checking student IDs.
Marina Kawano : Kawano's interest in music began when she took up piano lessons at the age of 4 under her mother's friend.
Marina Kawano : Kawano's professional music career began when she won the 4th Animax All-Japan Anisong Grand Prix in 2010, besetting 10,189 other contestants.
Yoo Hyun-ji : Yoo Hyun-ji (born 16 July 1984) is a South Korean handball player for Wonderful Samcheok and the South Korean Republic national team.
Xiao Yehua : Most of her success came with the Chinese 4×100 metres relay team: she represented China at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the relay, won the Asian title in 1991, the 1992 IAAF World Cup relay gold medal, and the 1993 East Asian Games title.
Ruth Jebet : On 04 March, 2020 she was suspended by the AIU for four years beginning 18 February, 2018 for the use of EPO, losing all results from 01 December 2017 to 18 February, 2018.
Lee Hye-ri : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Hye-ri : Lee Hye-ri (Hangul: ; born June 9, 1994), better known mononymously as Hyeri, is a South Korean singer, actress and television personality.
Lee Hye-ri : She ranked third in "Forbes" Korea Power Celebrity list in 2016, and is one of the highest-paid commercial models in South Korea.
Aleksandra Goryachkina : Aleksandra Yuryevna Goryachkina ( ; born 28 September 1998) is a Russian chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster (GM).
Masita Mahmudin : Masita Mahmudin (born 2 March 1995) is an Indonesian badminton player from Jaya Raya Jakarta club.
Masita Mahmudin : Mahmudin also part of the national junior team that won the bronze medal at the 2013 Asian Junior Championships.
Xia Huan : Xia Huan (; born 30 January 1992) is a Chinese badminton doubles player.
Anna Gustafsson Chen : Anna Gustafsson Chen (; born 18 January 1965) is a Swedish literary translator and sinologist.
Zi Zhongyun : Zi Zhongyun (; born June 1930) is a Chinese translator and historian who is an expert on US studies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
Zi Zhongyun : Zi was born into a scholarly family in Shanghai in June 1930, with her ancestral home in Leiyang, Hunan, the daughter of Tong Yijun ( ), a Chinese officer, and Zi Yaohua ( ), a banker and financier who was a graduate of Kyoto University, University of Pennsylvania and Harvard University.
Faye Yu : She returned to Beijing after filming, taught at the school for a while upon graduation, later studying in Los Angeles, before returning to China in 1998 to star in the television drama "Hand-in-Hand" (牵手) which became a huge domestic hit.
Bebe Rexha : Bleta Rexha (] ; born August 30, 1989), known professionally as Bebe Rexha ( ), is an American singer and songwriter.
Yi Lijun : She started publishing her works in 1952.
Yi Lijun : Yi joined the China Writers Association in 1988.
Yi Lijun : Yi was born in Huanggang, Hubei in December 1934.
Gui Yufang : Gui started to publish works in 1957.
Gui Yufang : Gui was born in Wuhan, Hubei in 1930.
Gui Yufang : In 1966, the Cultural Revolution was launched by Mao Zedong, she was sent to the May Seventh Cadre Schools to work with her children in Jiangxi.
Gui Yufang : In 1976, Hua Guofeng and Ye Jianying toppled the Gang of Four, she was rehabilitated, she returned to Beijing and taught at Peking University.
Sakura Miyawaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tang Yuemei : Tang started to publish works in 1978 and she joined the China Writers Association in 1982.
Tang Yuemei : Tang was born into a Chinese Vietnamese family in Cholon, French Indo-China in 1931, with her ancestral home in Hainan.
Wen Jieruo : After the Second Sino-Japanese War, Wen was accepted to Tsinghua University, where she majored in English.
Jamsai Silpa-archa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jamsai Silpa-archa : "Khun Ying" Jamsai Silpa-archa ( , , ] ; born 20 April 1934), née Lekhawat ( , ] ), is the widow of Banharn Silpa-archa, the 21st Prime Minister of Thailand and Thai Nation Party Leader.
Wen Meihui : Wen was married to Lin Hongliang ( ), who also a translator.
Wen Meihui : In 1966, Mao Zedong launched the Cultural Revolution, Wen was sent to the May Seventh Cadre Schools to work in Yanqing County.
Kelley Jakle : In 2013, Jakle released several singles, including a cover of "Ain't It Fun" by Paramore.
Kelley Jakle : During her tenure in the SoCal VoCals, the group won the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella in 2008 and again in 2010.
Kelley Jakle : In 2009, Jakle took part in season one of "The Sing-Off", a singing competition televised on NBC, as part of a group called "The SoCals".
Kelley Jakle : Kelley Alice Jakle (born June 27, 1989) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.
Kelley Jakle : She was active in music from an early age, performing as part of the Sacramento Children's Chorus, singing "The Star-Spangled Banner" at sporting events, including a San Francisco 49ers game in 2006, and auditioning for the singing contest "American Idol".
Viorica Dăncilă : Vasilica Viorica Dăncilă (] ; born 16 December 1963) is a Romanian politician, former leader of the Social Democratic Party, and was Prime Minister of Romania from 29 January 2018 to 4 November 2019.
Yako Chan : Yako Chan () is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Yuan Xikun : Yuan Xikun (born 1944 in Kunming, Yunnan Province) is a Chinese visual artist and environmental activist.
Elizabeth McCoy : In a lawsuit that received national attention and led to the establishment of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, McCoy, Milliken and Steve Jackson successfully sued the United States Secret Service in 1993 for illegally seizing computers and electronic information.
Miki Yamada : In the 2017 general election, Kaieda defeated Yamada by a small margin in the Tokyo 1st district, but Yamada retained a seat in the Diet through the LDP proportional representation list.
Cara Gee : She was born in Calgary, Alberta, and raised in Aurora, Ontario.
Jeong Kwang-il : Jeong Kwang-il is a North Korean defector and former political prisoner who currently resides in South Korea and actively smuggles films, soap operas, and entertainment on DVDs and USB thumb drives (some of which contain an offline copy of Wikipedia) into North Korea.
Chen Liyi : Chen Liyi (; born 27 April 1989 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player.
Shiga Lin : She was signed to Warner Music Group Hong Kong from 2010 to June 2017, HMV MUSIC from June 2017 to December 2018, and The Voice Entertainment Group from December 2018 to present.
Manami Numakura : She made an appearance at Animelo Summer Live in 2016 and she made an appearance at Animax Musix 2018.
Kuo Shu-yao : In May 2007, Kuo's father died and she began working part-time at a restaurant to support her family.
Han Hyun-jun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mackenzie Davis : Davis’s first feature film was "Smashed".
Mackenzie Davis : From 2014 to 2017, she starred as computer programmer Cameron Howe in the television series "Halt and Catch Fire".
Mackenzie Davis : Davis was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, to Lotte, a graphic designer from South Africa, and John Davis, a hairdresser from Liverpool, England.
Mackenzie Davis : In 2016, she starred as Yorkie in "San Junipero", an episode of the anthology series "Black Mirror".
Catherine Samba-Panza : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Catherine Samba-Panza : Prior to becoming head of state, she was Mayor of Bangui from 2013 to 2014.
Catherine Samba-Panza : Following the Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration and President Michel Djotodia's resignation after a CEEAC summit on 10 January 2014, Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet served as acting president until the CNT elected Samba Panza as interim President from a list of eight candidates who had to prove they had no links to either the Séléka or the Anti-balaka.
Erwiana Sulistyaningsih : She was given a parole on November 2018, after serving half the sentence (3 1/2 years in prison).
Sora Amamiya : In 2015, she received the Best New Actress Award at 9th Seiyu Awards.
Kim Tae-kyung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Tae-kyung : Kim Tae-kyung (Hangul: 김태경; born March 29, 1998) is a South Korean figure skater.
Gossling : She was nominated for Channel V's Oz Artist of the Year in 2012 and was invited to perform at SXSW 2014.
Ieva Januškevičiūtė : Ieva Januškevičiūtė (born 22 September 1994) is a Lithuanian alpine skier.
Judith Benhamou-Huet : In 2008, Benhamou-Huet authored "Global Collectors", written in both French and English and published by Phébus in which she profiled 120 international art collectors.
Judith Benhamou-Huet : In 2014, Benhamou-Huet co-curated the exhibition "Mapplethorpe-Rodin" at the Musée Rodin in Paris and was an associate-curator of the Robert Mapplethorpe retrospective at the Grand Palais.
Judith Benhamou-Huet : Warhol TV toured in Paris at La Maison Rouge, the Berardo Museum in Lisbon, and in several other institutions in Brazil including Oi Futuro Flamengo in Rio de Janeiro, Oi Futoro in Belo Horizonte and Sesc Pinheiros in São Paulo.
Judith Benhamou-Huet : Among them are "Art Business" (2001) and "Art Business (2)" (2007), published in English with the title "The Worth of Art" and "The Worth of Art (2)".
Haruko Obokata : "Nature" confirmed the retraction on July 2.
Li Sisi : Li Sisi (; born 4 November 1986) is a Chinese television host and media personality.
Courtney Eaton : Her father, Stephen Eaton, an IT manager, is Australian, of English descent, and her mother is a New Zealander, of Chinese, Māori, and Cook Island Māori ancestry.
Sputniko! : She has recently presented her works in exhibitions such as the 2019 Cooper Hewitt Design Triennial, 'Japanorama' in Pompidou Centre-Metz, Setouchi Art Trienniale (where she created a permanent art pavilion on Teshima), "New Sensorium" at the ZKM Art Center in Germany (2016), "Future and the Arts" at the Mori Art Museum (2016), "Collecting Future Japan – Neo Nipponica" at the Victoria & Albert Museum (2016).
Suela Mëhilli : Suela Mëhilli (born January 28, 1994 in Vlorë, Albania) is an alpine skier from Albania.
Song Binbin : In 1975, Song Binbin received a bachelor's degree from Changchun Institute of Geology.
Song Binbin : The apology was met with mixed reactions in China: some people welcomed her words; some people said that these words came too late and are inadequate; others said that the Communist Party of China should apologize for the incidents that happened during those times.
Song Binbin : After being naturalized as an U.S citizen, Binbin worked for the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection as an environmental analysis officer from 1989 to 2003.
Song Binbin : In 2002, a collection of publications related to sexology seminars, Chinese Femininities, Chinese Masculinities: A Reader, included research articles by American female scholar Emily Honig on the death of Bian Zhongyun.
Song Binbin : In September 2007, the Experimental High School Affiliated to Beijing Normal University (formerly the Women's Affiliated High School of Beijing Normal University) named Song Binbin as one of the 90 "honorary alumni" when celebrating the 90th anniversary of the school.
Song Binbin : In 1995, Normal University High School for Girls 1968 alumni Wang Youqin published a text in Hong Kong, "1966: Students play the teacher's revolution", for the first time since August 5, 1966, where Youqin wrote that Binbin and other guards played a role in the death of Bian Zhongyun, are linked to form a casual relationship during those times.
Marthe Gautier : Gautier entrusted her slides to Jérôme Lejeune, an intern at CNRS, who offered to take pictures in another laboratory better equipped for this task.
Marthe Gautier : In January 1959, by studying new cases and to forestall similar research by the English, the Trousseau laboratory announced the results of the analysis of the slides in the Proceedings of the Academy of Sciences through a paper published with Lejeune as first author, Gautier second (her surname misspelled) and Turpin last author.
Marthe Gautier : Marthe Gautier (born 10 September 1925) is a French medical doctor and researcher, best known for her role in discovering the link of diseases to chromosome abnormalities.
Li Ruiying : Ruiying is the Vice-President of China Association of Radio and Television and China Hosts Association, and the Chairman of the Broadcast, China Central Television.
Li Zimeng : Li Zimeng (; born July 1977), also known as Li Meng, is a Chinese newsreader for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China.
Liu Chunyan : Liu was married to Wang Ning, a news anchor for China Central Television.
Ouyang Xiadan : Ouyang Xiadan was born in July 1977 in Qixing District of Guilin, Guangxi, she secondary studied at Guilin High School ( ), she entered Communication University of China in 1995, majoring in broadcasting, where she graduated in 1999.
Wang Xiaoya : She entered Sichuan University in 1986, majoring in economic, where she graduated in 1990.
Wang Xiaoya : Wang Xiaoya (; born 22 January 1968) is a Chinese television host and media personality.
Wang Xiaoya : Wang was married to Chinese businessman Lu Chenggong ( ) in 1996, the couple divorced in 2001.
Amanda Bennett : Bennett was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and was raised in Boonton, New Jersey, where she attended Boonton High School, graduating in 1971.
Yoko Kondo : Kondo participated in four Division I International Ice Hockey Federation world championship tournaments between 2001 and 2013, with Japan placing second in 2001 and 2005, first in 2007, and fourth in 2013.
Imre Rietveld : After that she competed for Denmark as Imre Rietveld Nielsen or Imre Nielsen, winning the Belgian International and Denmark Open in 1969, as well as a silver medal at the 1970 European Badminton Championships.
Rachel Brosnahan : Brosnahan was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the daughter of Carol and Earl Brosnahan, who worked in children's publishing.
Haru Kuroki : at Berlin International Film Festival in 2014, for her performance in Yoji Yamada's film "The Little House".
Lee E-jun : She is best known for singing the theme songs for many television dramas adapted from Chiung Yao's novels, such as "My Fair Princess" (1998).
Chiang Shu-na : Chiang Shu-na (; born 30 July 1964) is a Taiwanese singer, television presenter, and actress.
Chiang Shu-na : Chiang Shu-na shot to fame in the 1980s after singing the theme songs of popular TV series "Lovers Under the Rain" (1986), "Deep Garden" (1987), and "One Side of the Water" (1988), all adaptations of Chiung Yao novels.
Li Wei-ling : While AFP was reporting the Committee to Protect Journalists report about the deterioration of the freedom of the press in Hong Kong, Li's dismissal was used as an example to confirm the concern about the status of the press freedom.
Li Wei-ling : Li Wei-ling (born 4 October 1965) is a radio talk show host in Hong Kong.
Jiang Mengjie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kong Sang-jeong : Kong Sang-jeong (] ; born 22 June 1996 in Chuncheon, Gangwon Province) is a South Korean short track speed skater who won a gold Olympic medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the 3000 metre relay.
Wang Qingling : Wang won the pentathlon title at the 2014 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships in February, accumulating a personal best of 4246 points.
Wang Qingling : She was the gold medallist at the Asian Indoor Athletics Championships in 2014 and won both the Chinese Championships and National Games of China in 2013.
Lü Liping : Lǚ Lìpíng (; born 3 April 1960) is a Chinese actress.
Lü Liping : Her career accolades include one Golden Rooster Award, Flying Apsaras Award, Golden Horse Award and Golden Phoenix Award, two Hundred Flowers Awards, Golden Eagle Awards and Chinese Film Media Awards, and she has won the 6th Tokyo International Film Festival - Best Actress, 1st Singapore International Film Festival - Best Actress and 13th Shanghai International Film Festival - Best Actress.
Julie Tan : Julie Tan (born 22 September 1992, Penang, Malaysia) is a Singaporean actress.
Alissa White-Gluz : White-Gluz has been in a relationship with Doyle Wolfgang von Frankenstein since 2014, the guitarist of American horror punk band Misfits.
Alissa White-Gluz : She received a Libby award from PETA for her work in an international campaign advocating against the hunting of Canadian seals.
Alissa White-Gluz : On 17 March 2014, Arch Enemy announced via press release that Alissa would be replacing their former vocalist Angela Gossow.
Alissa White-Gluz : Alissa White-Gluz ( ;) (born 31 July 1985) is a Canadian singer, best known as the lead vocalist of the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy, and former lead vocalist and founding member of the Canadian metalcore band the Agonist.
Yang Jin-sung : Yang Jin-sung (born June 27, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Stacy Martin : As a model, Martin was part of the Rag & Bone Spring 2014 campaign and the Miu Miu 2014 and 2015 Fall/Winter campaigns, and served as the face of Miu Miu's first fragrance.
Stacy Martin : She moved to Tokyo, Japan, when she was seven, where she lived with her French father, René Martin, a hairstylist, and her English mother, Annette, until she was thirteen.
Huang Qishan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Huang Qishan : Huang's ex-husband is Taiwanese music creator Michael Tu, and some of his more famous compositions "Cutting Love" and "Listening To The Sea" (sang by A-Mei) are works after their divorce.
Miori Ichikawa : Only days later, in the midst of “‘Minogashita Kimitachi e’ 〜AKB48 Group Performances〜” in Tokyo Dome City Hall on June 6th, the formation of Team 4 was announced alongside their first performance, a revival of Himawarigumi’s first stage, “Boku no Taiyou”—with Ichikawa being amongst the ten founding members.
Miori Ichikawa : Ichikawa debuted in the entertainment industry under Stardust Promotion in 2005, as a member of the idol group "Power Age".
Miori Ichikawa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Deng Jiajia : Deng Jiajia (; born 17 May 1983) is a Chinese actress.
Deng Jiajia : She won the Best Supporting Actress awards at the Hundred Flowers Awards and Golden Rooster Awards.
Terry Hu : In 2003, Hu attended the 40th Golden Horse Awards.
Terry Hu : After graduation, Hu went abroad to study at Seton Hall University, majoring in mass communication, she also studied at a modeling school in New York City.
Terry Hu : But the couple divorced on August 28, 1980, after about three months of marriage (115 days in total).
Terry Hu : She graduated from Fu Jen Catholic University in 1971, where she majored in German language.
Terry Hu : Hu was born Hu Yinyin in Taichung, Taiwan on April 21, 1953, with her ancestral home in Shenyang, Liaoning, the only daughter of Qu Shifang ( ), and Hu Gengnian ( ), a member of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China.
Lou Yixiao : Lou Yixiao (; born 27 December 1988), also known as Loura Lou, is a Chinese actress and singer.
Yuan Li : Yuan Li (; born 12 July 1973), sometimes called "China's Audrey Hepburn" or "China's Mother Teresa", is a Chinese actress.
Yuan Shanshan : Thereafter Yuan starred in several productions by Yu Zheng such as "Beauty Without Tears" (2012), the third installment of Yu Zheng's 'Beauty' series; "Beauty of the Emperor" (2012); "Swordsman" (2013), adapted from Jin Yong's wuxia novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer"; and "" (2014), the sequel of "Palace II" - all of the series were popular during their run and led to increased recognition for Yuan.
Gim So-hui : At 1st grade in elementary school,her talent was noticed by her grandma on her mother's side who was a pastor and ski instructor in Pyeongchang.She was a student at .
Sushar Manaying : Sushar Manaying ( ; ; ] ; born January 9, 1988) is a Thai actress and singer.
Jang Jung-hee : Jang Jung-hee (; born June 20, 1958), is a South Korean actress.
Emily Howell Warner : Emily Howell Warner (October 30, 1939 – July 3, 2020) was an American airline pilot and the first woman captain of a scheduled US airline.
Ma Yili : Ma Yili (, born 29 June 1976) is a Chinese actress.
Yin Tao : Yin Tao (, born 6 December 1979) is a Chinese actress.
Yin Tao : Her performance was widely recognized, winning an array of trophies including the Golden Lion Award for Performance, the award for Excellent Performance at the 8th Cao Yu Drama Award, and the Best Leading Actress of the 5th Shanghai Magnolia Award.
Au Hoi Lam : Au's paintings have been collected by the Hong Kong Museum of Art.
Au Hoi Lam : She has won several awards including the Nokia Arts Awards (2000) and the Hong Kong Arts Development Awards 2013 – Award for Young Artist (Visual Arts).
Au Hoi Lam : Her painting "Handkerchief 86400" is typical of her meticulous approach to painting and featured 86,400 tiny squares, one coloured square for each second of a day.
Vivian Wing-Wah Yam : Her awards include the HKU Outstanding Researcher Award (1999–2000), Croucher Foundation Senior Research Fellow (2000–01), Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong in 2002, Outstanding Women Professionals and Entrepreneurs Awards (2005), State Natural Science Award (Second Class, 2005), the Royal Society of Chemistry Centenary Lectureship & Medal (2005/06), and the Japanese Photochemistry Association Lectureship Award for Asian and Oceanian Photochemist Eikohsha Award, (2006), HKU Distinguished Research Achievement Award (2006/07), Hong Kong Outstanding Women Professionals and Entrepreneurs Award (2008), Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress (2011), the L'OREAL-UNESCO for Women in Science Award (2011), the 13th World Outstanding Chinese Award (2013).
Larisa Bakurova : Larisa Angela Bakurova ( , ; born February 21, 1985) is a Ukrainian-born Taiwanese actress and model.
Larisa Bakurova : In 2013, Bakurova obtained the Taiwan Permanent Resident Certificate and began the naturalization process.
Jenny Zhang : Zhang rose to fame after portraying Wang Ziling in the television series "Dreams Link" (2007), a romantic television series adaptation based on the novel of the same name by Chiung Yao, and she won the Rising Star Award at the Beijing Television Film and Television Awards.
Leila Schneps : Schneps, as Catherine Shaw, has published four historical novels in the series, all featuring the same main character Vanessa Duncan, and all following mathematical themes:
Leila Schneps : Her early work explored "p"-adic L-functions, which became the topic of her first thesis, and around 2010 she was continuing to work on the related fields of zeta functions.
Leila Schneps : Schneps has produced English-language translations of several French-language books and papers, including "Invitation to the mathematics of Fermat-Wiles", "Galois theory", "A Mathematician Grappling With His Century", "Hodge Theory and Complex Algebraic Geometry II", "p-adic L-Functions and p-Adic Representations", and "Renormalization methods : critical phenomena, chaos, fractal structures".
Leila Schneps : Another suggests the book was influenced by the authors' selection of cases to show a "disastrous record of causing judicial error", thus attributing insufficient weight to the counterbalancing traditionally inherent in legal proceedings—as lawyers attack opposing evidence and experts with their own, and appellate judges write to influence the conduct of trial judges faced with various types of ordinary and expert testimony.
Leila Schneps : She edited a series of lecture notes on Grothendieck's theory of dessins d'enfants and contributed an article to the series, was an editor for a text on the Inverse Galois Problem, and edited a book on Galois groups.
Leila Schneps : She completed a Doctorat de Troisième Cycle in Mathematics at Université Paris-Sud XI-Orsay in 1985 under the supervision of John H. Coates with a thesis on "p"-adic L-functions attached to elliptic curves, a Ph.D. in Mathematics in 1990 with a thesis on "p"-Adic L-functions and Galois groups, and Habilitation at Université de Franche-Comté in 1993, with a thesis on the Inverse Galois problem.
Erina Yamane : In 2015, she also played at 2015 World Cup and Japan won 2nd place.
Emma Kenney : Emma Rose Kenney (born September 14, 1999) is an American actress.
Lydia Villa-Komaroff : She was the eldest of six children; her father, John, was a teacher and musician and her mother, Drucilla, was a social worker.
Lydia Villa-Komaroff : After her participation in the landmark research reporting the first synthesis of mammalian insulin in bacterial cells, Villa-Komaroff used the then-new molecular biology technology of recombinant DNA to address a number of fundamental questions in different fields, in collaboration with neurologists, developmental biologists, endocrinologists, and cell biologists.
Azusa Tadokoro : She launched her official Facebook and Twitter account on May 31, 2015.
Azusa Tadokoro : becoming her first main role.
Zhao Liying : She graduated from Langfang School of Electronic Information Engineering, a secondary professional training school.
Zhao Liying : She is best known for her roles in television series "Legend of Lu Zhen" (2013), "Boss & Me" (2014), "The Journey of Flower" (2015), "The Mystic Nine" (2016), "Noble Aspirations" (2016), "Princess Agents" (2017), "The Story of Minglan" (2018), and "Legend of Fei" (2020).
Meru Tashima : Skip!
Meru Tashima : She became soon a hot topic throughout Japan, after it was reported that AKB48 and HKT48 producer Yasushi Akimoto commented on her as being "the new Jurina Matsui", a member who joined AKB48's sister group SKE48 at the age of 11 and was immediately appointed one of the front positions in the next AKB48 single and featured on its cover art.
Tove Lo : Her honest, complex and autobiographical lyrical content has led to her being dubbed "the saddest girl in Sweden."
Zhang Xinyu : Zhang Xinyu (, born 28 March 1987), also known as Viann Zhang, is a Chinese actress, singer and model.
Shino Lin : Shino Lin (; born 9 December 1973) is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Bea Miller : 2 on the iTunes pop albums chart.
Bea Miller : She performed the following songs on the show:
Bea Miller : Beatrice Annika Miller (born February 7, 1999) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
Katharine Chang : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Katharine Chang : In 1997, Chang was appointed Taiwan's first woman ambassador when she accepted a post to St Kitts and Nevis and Dominica.
Martha Hunt : She has walked more than 180 fashion shows, including Acne, Balmain, Carolina Herrera, Castelbajac, Chanel, Christopher Kane, Diane Von Furstenberg, Dolce & Gabbana, Fátima Lopes, Giorgio Armani, Givenchy, Hervé Léger, Issey Miyake, Jason Wu, Jefen, Louis Vuitton, Marchesa, Miu Miu, Oscar de la Renta, Prada, rag & bone, Ralph Lauren, Stella McCartney, Tory Burch, Ramy Brook, and Versace.
Fu Yiwei : After a turbulent divorce, she remarried in 1990, her second husband, Gao Du ( ), is a teacher in Beijing Dance Academy, their son, Gao Yanan ( ), was born in 1994 and they divorced in 2000.
Fu Yiwei : Fu has won the Best Actress at the 1st China Film Association, 1986 Xiaobaihua Award for Best Actress and Huading Award for Best Supporting Actress, she received Most Popular Actress Award nomination at the 19th Shanghai Television Festival.
Natalia Poklonskaya : Poklonskaya resigned as Prosecutor General on 27 September 2016 due to her election as MP in the State Duma during the 2016 Russian legislative election.
Natalia Poklonskaya : After a video of Poklonskaya at a press conference on 11 March 2014 was uploaded to YouTube, her attractiveness and youth went viral among mainly Japanese and Chinese internet users and also became the focus of attention of Internet communities such as Reddit, 4chan and Vkontakte, which was reported by international news outlets.
Natalia Poklonskaya : Natalia Vladimirovna Poklonskaya (Russian: , ; ; born 18 March 1980) is a Russian politician, serving as Deputy of the State Duma of Russia, deputy chairman of the State Duma Committee on Foreign Affairs from 18 September 2016.
Mahinur Qasim : Mahinur Qasim ( ; ; August15, 1929February28, 2021), also spelled Maynor Kasim and Mah-e-Noor Qasim, was a Uyghur political leader in Xinjiang, China and the widow of Ehmetjan Qasimi, a prominent Xinjiang revolutionary leader.
Mahinur Qasim : In the 1980s and 1990s, she served as a vice chair of the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th All-China Women's Federation, and was elected to the Standing Committee of the Seventh National People's Congress in 1988.
Gigi Hadid : Following high school, she moved to New York City.
Gigi Hadid : Jelena Noura "Gigi" Hadid (born April 23, 1995) is an American model.
Gigi Hadid : In 2017, Hadid attempted to travel to Shanghai to participate in the 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show but ultimately could not, as her Chinese visa was reportedly revoked after an online video showing her doing a slant-eyes gesture in imitation of Buddha was criticized as racist by Chinese internet users.
Charlotte Le Bon : Soon after, Le Bon was cast as "Miss Météo" on "Le Grand Journal", a news- and pop culture-based talk show on the French television channel Canal+, where she did daily weather reports in the form of comedy skits she wrote herself.
Charlotte Le Bon : Charlotte Le Bon (born 4 September 1986) is a Canadian actress and artist, formerly a model and television presenter.
Charlotte Le Bon : In 2013 she appeared in "Mood Indigo" and "The Marchers", and in 2014 she starred as Yves Saint Laurent's muse Victoire Doutreleau in the biographical film "Yves Saint Laurent", earning a nomination for a César Award.
Pascale Ferran : Pascale Ferran (] ; born 17 April 1960) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Alexa Bliss : Alexis Kaufman (born August 9, 1991) is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE, where she performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Alexa Bliss.
Alexa Bliss : On the May 25 episode of "NXT", Bliss competed in a triple threat match against Carmella and Nia Jax to determine the number one contender to Asuka's NXT Women's Championship, which was won by Jax.<ref name="NXT25/05/16"> </ref> On the August 17 episode of "NXT", Bliss competed in a tag team match along with Daria Berenato and Mandy Rose, in which they were defeated by Carmella, Liv Morgan and Nikki Glencross in what would be also her last match in NXT.<ref name="NXT 17/08/16"> </ref>
Ayaka Ōhashi : In 2011, she participated in the 36th Horipro Talent Scout Campaign where she remained a finalist and joined the talent agency Horipro.
Ayaka Ōhashi : Ōhashi was born in Urawa, Saitama on September 13, 1994, and moved to Tokyo when she was five.
Milana Vayntrub : She started acting in Mattel Barbie commercials at the age of five, due in part to her family's financial problems.
Milana Vayntrub : Vayntrub briefly attended Beverly Hills High School, but dropped out after her sophomore year, got a GED, and went on to earn a Bachelor of Arts in Communication from University of California, San Diego.
Milana Vayntrub : Milana Aleksandrovna Vayntrub ( ; Uzbek Cyrillic: ; born March 8, 1987) is an Uzbekistan-born American actress, comedian, and activist.
Aya Liu : In 2014, Liu gave birth to her daughter Eva in the United States.
Eeva Kilpi : Eeva Karin Salo was born on February 18, 1928, to Solmu Aulis Aimo and Helmi Anna Maria (née Saharinen) Salo within the former Karelian municipality of Hiitola, Finnish Karelia, where she lived until the coming of the Winter War of 1939-1940.
Puff Kuo : Her mother died from breast cancer when she was 9, leaving her and her younger sister to be cared for by relatives while her father worked in Mainland China for many years..
Megan Lai : Megan Lai (; born 5 December 1979) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who is best known for "Bromance", "Miss Rose", "Meteor Garden II " and "Mars".
Megan Lai : She was later scouted by a modelling agency, where she started her career modelling for magazine pictorials, Television advertisements, music video productions and Fashion shows.
Miu Hirano : This was their third doubles title since 2014.
Miu Hirano : In March 2014, she and Mima Ito won their first doubles title at ITTF World Tour German Open.
Christine Darden : In March 2007, Darden retired from NASA as director of the Office of Strategic Communication and Education.
Christine Darden : She earned her PhD in 1983 (with the support of NASA), and became known for her research as "one of NASA's preeminent experts on supersonic flight and sonic booms."
Sarah McBride : Sarah McBride (born August 9, 1990) is an American activist and politician who is a Democratic member of the Delaware Senate since January 2021.
Sarah McBride : She is the first transgender state senator in United States history.
Sarah McBride : During her last week as student body president, McBride gained international attention when she came out as a transgender woman in her college's student newspaper, "The Eagle".
Zuo Xiaoqing : Zuo married businessman Gao Quanjian, who was more than twenty years her senior, in September 2010, and their daughter was born in July 2011.
Jeannie Chan : Jeannie Chan (; born October 22, 1989) is a Canadian-born Hong Kong actress and model based in Hong Kong.
Jeannie Chan : On 21 March 2018, she signed a 5 year artiste management contract with Shaw Brothers.In October 2018, she starred as the second female lead in drama, 'Life on the Line', which later won the Best Drama award at the TVB Anniversary Awards 2018.
Zhang Lanxin : Zhang Lanxin (; born 21 June 1986) is a Chinese actress.
Daria Spiridonova : Daria Sergeyevna Spiridonova-Nagornaya ( , born 8 July 1998) is a Russian former artistic gymnast.
Daria Spiridonova : At the 2015 World Gymnastics Championships in Glasgow, Spiridonova became a World Champion on the uneven bars, together with three other gymnasts who were part of a four-way tie.
Chika Anzai : On August 1, 2020, Anzai announced that she had recently got married.
Chika Anzai : She lived there on her own, returning to her home in Fukui once per month to attend high school.
Ava Yu : Ava Liu Yu-Kiu (born 5 August 1985) is a Hong Kong singer, actress and television host.
Ava Yu : In 2002, Ava scored 26 points at the HKCEE Examination, then she was admitted to the University of Hong Kong, majoring in biology, where she graduated in 2007 and attained ABRSM grade eight piano certificate.
Dorothy Tse : Dorothy Tse Hiu-hung (, born 1977) is a Hong Kong author and an assistant professor of creative writing at Hong Kong Baptist University.
Dorothy Tse : Her literary prizes also include Taiwan’s Unitas New Fiction Writers’ Award and the Hong Kong Award for Creative Writing in Chinese.<ref name="The Paper Republic // Tse Dorothy (Hiu Hung)"> </ref>
Yoon Hye-ran : Yoon Hye-ran (born 1969) is a leader working to enable Cheonan’s civil society to exercise its social responsibilities dynamically and democratically.
Aida Garifullina : Aida Garifullina was born in 1987 in a Tatar family in Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan.
Aida Garifullina : Aida Emilevna Garifullina ( , Tatar: ; born 30 September 1987) is a Russian lyric soprano.
Che Yongli : Che Yongli (born 28 January 1980) is a Chinese actress.
Sara Duterte : Duterte was also one of the nine elected governors of the Philippine Red Cross in 2014.
Sara Duterte : In October 2015, she shaved her head to convince her father to run for President in the 2016 Philippine presidential elections, despite the latter's reticence due to lack of campaign funds and political machinery.
Sara Duterte : She ran again for the mayoralty post for Davao City in the 2016 elections and won the position succeeding her father, now the current president, for the second time.
Sara Duterte : Sara Duterte-Carpio (] , born Sara Zimmerman Duterte; May 31, 1978), commonly known as Inday Sara, is a Filipina lawyer, politician and the incumbent Mayor of Davao City.
Sara Duterte : On April 18, 2016, in connection with the rape remark made by her father Rodrigo on one of his presidential candidacy campaigns, Duterte took to her Instagram account to admit that she was once a rape victim.
Sara Duterte : They have three children: an adopted daughter, Mikhaila María, nicknamed "Sharky", and two sons, Mateo Lucas, nicknamed "Stingray", and Marko Digong, nicknamed "Stonefish".
Patricia Kopatchinskaja : Patricia Kopatchinskaja (born March 1977) is a Moldovan-Austrian-Swiss violinist.
Patricia Kopatchinskaja : She has ongoing collaborations with conductors including Teodor Currentzis, Péter Eötvös, Iván Fischer, Heinz Holliger, Vladimir Jurowski, Andrés Orozco-Estrada, Kirill Petrenko, Sir Simon Rattle and François-Xavier Roth.
Gan Tingting : Gan Tingting (; born 5 February 1986), also known as Bobo Gan, is a Chinese actress.
Annisa Saufika : Annisa Saufika (born 21 June 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles.
Chen Guang : Chen Guang (Chinese: 陈光; born 3 February 1995 in Jilin) is a Chinese male short track speed skater.
Nimdoma Sherpa : In 2008 she became the youngest woman to climb Mount Everest and in 2009 she joined the Seven Summits Women Team, a team of Nepalese women whose goal is to climb the Seven Summits.
Nimdoma Sherpa : Originally, her parents sent her to school for the opportunity to receive a healthy meal each day, but Nimdoma gradually became a high achiever and she moved to Kathmandu to attend a larger school.
Nimdoma Sherpa : She is also the face of an advertising campaign for the WFP's School Feeding Program; she has expressed her gratitude to the WFP for "open[ing] the door of educational opportunities and help[ing] me to pursue my dream of climbing Everest".
Cao Xiwen : Cao Xiwen (; born 16 November 1983) is a Chinese actress.
Sareh Bayat : Sareh Bayat ( ; born 6 October 1979) is an Iranian actress, television host, and model.
Shella Devi Aulia : Shella Devi Aulia (born 4 July 1994) is an Indonesian badminton player from the Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.
Fikri Ihsandi Hadmadi : Fikri Ihsandi Hadmadi (born 1 March 1995, in Tangerang) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Melvira Oklamona : Melvira Oklamona (born 17 October 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player from Mutiara Cardinal Bandung who specializes in the doubles event.
Maretha Dea Giovani : Maretha Dea Giovani (born 27 March 1994 in Sleman) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Amal Clooney : She became engaged to actor George Clooney on 28 April 2014.
Daisy Ridley : Ridley resides in Primrose Hill, London.
Alice Rohrwacher : Alice Rohrwacher (] , ] ; born 29 December 1980) is an Italian film director, editor and screenwriter.
Alice Rohrwacher : Her second feature film, "The Wonders", won the Grand Prix at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
Alice Rohrwacher : Her first experience in filmmaking was in 2006, when directing a part of the Italian documentary "Checosamanca".
Cica Zhou : Cica Zhou (; born 26 August 1982) is a Chinese actress and model of Sui ethnicity.
Pamela Pepper : On May 1, 2014, President Obama nominated Pepper to serve as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, to the seat vacated by Judge Charles N. Clevert Jr., who took senior status on October 31, 2012.
Cheng Hong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cheng Hong : Cheng's husband is Li Keqiang, current Premier of the People's Republic of China.
Cheng Hong : Cheng Hong (born 1957 in Zhengzhou, China) is an Chinese professor at the Capital University of Economics and Business.
Kiara Advani : Advani was born to Jagdeep Advani, a Sindhi Hindu businessman and Genevieve Jaffrey, a teacher whose father was a Muslim from Lucknow and whose mother was a Christian of Scottish, Irish, Portuguese, and Spanish ancestry; and had a Bengali godmother.
Daniel Buchholz : Daniel Buchholz is a German art dealer, the founder of Galerie Buchholz in Berlin and Cologne.
Daniel Buchholz : Buchholz founded Galerie Buchholz in Cologne in 1986, and a further gallery in Berlin in 2008.
Oh Ji-young : Oh Ji-young (Hangul: 오지영, Hanja: 吳智永; born 11 July 1988) is a South Korean professional volleyball player.
Kim Sa-nee : Kim Sa-nee (Hangul: 김사니, Hanja: 金사니; born 21 June 1981, Seoul) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Han Song-yi : She was part of the South Korea women's national volleyball team at the 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Japan.
Han Song-yi : Han Song-yi (Hangul: 한송이; born 5 September 1984) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
Jung Dae-young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jung Dae-young : Jung Dae-young (Hangul: 정대영, Hanja: 鄭大永; born 12 August 1981) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
Hwang Youn-joo : Hwang Youn-joo (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; RR: " " ; born 13 August 1986) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
Alena V. Ledeneva : In "How Russia Really Works" (2006) she has identified the informal practices that have replaced blat in the functioning of the political and economic institutions of the 1990s.
Alena V. Ledeneva : Alena V. Ledeneva (Russian: Алёна Валерьевна Леденёва; 1964) is Professor of Politics and Society at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies (SSEES), University College London (UCL).
Alena V. Ledeneva : The interdisciplinary study of informality has been relevant for studying social capital, consumption, labour markets, entrepreneurship, trust, mobility and migration, shortages, barter, survival strategies, alternative currencies, the shadow economy, redistribution and remittance economies, and democracy (demonstrable in citation index).
Alena V. Ledeneva : These monographs (Cambridge 1998; Cornell 2006; Cambridge 2013) constitute a trilogy on Russia that explores workings of informal networks in the Soviet times (grassroots networks), post-Soviet transition of the 1990s (professional networks) and in contemporary Russia (power networks).
Alena V. Ledeneva : She was Postdoctoral Research Fellow at New Hall College, Cambridge (1996–1999); Senior Fellow at the Davis Center, Harvard University (2005); Simon Professor at the University of Manchester (2006), Visiting Professor at Sciences Po, Paris (2010) and Visiting Professor at the Institute of Advanced Studies, Paris (2013–2014).
Hua Chunying : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hua Chunying : Hua Chunying (; born April 1970) is a Chinese diplomat, the spokesperson of China, and the director of the Foreign Ministry Information Department of China.
Kim Hee-jin : She was a member of the Republic of Korea women's national volleyball team at the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Lee Sook-ja : Lee Sook-ja (Hangul: 이숙자; born 17 June 1980) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
Ha Jun-im : Ha Jun-im also written as Ha Joon-eem (Hangul: 하준임, Hanja: 河俊任; born 26 December 1989) is a South Korean female volleyball player.
Venus Lux : Lux was born and raised in San Francisco, California, and is of Chinese and Mongolian descent.
Venus Lux : In October 2015, she launched "TransGlobal Magazine".
Venus Lux : Venus Lux (born October 10, 1990) is an American pornographic actress, director, producer, and educator.
Venus Lux : She worked as an escort, stripper, and bartender prior to her porn career.
Jung Man-sik : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shan Danna : She won the 2013 FIVB Women's U23 Volleyball World Championship.
Shan Danna : Shan Danna (; born 8 October 1991 in Zhejiang) is a retired female Chinese volleyball player.
Seo Ha-joon : Seo Ha-joon (born September 19, 1989) is a South Korean actor.
Peng Lei : In September 2015, Alibaba and Ant Financial together took a combined 40% stake in Indian mobile wallet operator Paytm, placing Peng as a member of its board of directors In 2016, Ant Financial broke the record for the world's largest private fundraising found for an internet company at $4.5 billion, placing the company at an approximately $60 billion valuation.
Peng Lei : As of 2016, Peng was listed as the 35th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes", #35 on their list of Power Women for 2016, and #17 on their list of Asia Power Women for 2016.
Nguyễn Thị Thanh An : Nguyễn Thị Thanh An (born June 17, 1976) is a Vietnamese chess player, and a woman grandmaster.
Ding Xia : She is known for her agility and versality on court, often utilising her strength as a left-handed setter to execute surprise spikes on second touch or from the right side of the court, thus earning her the nickname "Opposite Spiker Ding".
Leste Chen : Leste Chen (; born 3 March 1981) is a Taiwanese film director, a screenwriter and sometimes a producer.
Issei Tanaka : Tanaka is notable for writing about Chinese literature, publishing books that include, among others, "The Social and Historical Content of Ming-Ch'ing Local Drama", and "Development of Local Plays in the 17th and 18th Centuries,".
Lee Tae-im : She graduated from Sunggwang Highschool and dropped out from Hanyang University, while majoring Theater and Film.
Hayley Orrantia : Its music video has had over 200,000 views on YouTube, as of May 2018.
Hayley Orrantia : She then attended Marcus High School in nearby Flower Mound until her junior year, when she decided to become homeschooled to pursue her music and acting training.
Hayley Orrantia : She was cast in the independent film "Cooper and the Castle Hills Gang", which premiered at the Dallas International Film Festival.
Hayley Orrantia : Sarah Hayley Orrantia was born an only child in Arlington, Texas, on February 21, 1994, and grew up in nearby Grand Prairie and Highland Village.
Hayley Orrantia : Although she originally auditioned as a solo artist, during "Hollywood Week", she and three other female singers, were put into a group for the rest of the auditions.
Hayley Orrantia : Later that year, Orrantia sang background vocals for Demi Lovato on Disney's "" soundtrack and background vocals for Miley Cyrus on Disney's "Hannah Montana Forever" soundtrack.
Hayley Orrantia : That same year, she began writing with songwriter Jamie Houston who at the time was best known for writing hits for the three Disney "High School Musical" movies.
Daria Kasatkina : In August, Kasatkina also participated in the Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing.
Daria Kasatkina : Daria Sergeyevna Kasatkina (Russian: ; born 7 May 1997) is a Russian professional tennis player.
Briga Heelan : Heelan's break-out TV role was on "Cougar Town."
Briga Heelan : On October 16, 2014, Heelan became engaged to her "Ground Floor" co-star Rene Gube.
Briga Heelan : She met her "Ground Floor" co-star, Skylar Astin, at a musical theatre convention.
Briga Heelan : Heelan was born in Andover, Massachusetts, the daughter of actress and Lowell Public Schools teacher Kimball Heelan and playwright Kevin Heelan.
Briga Heelan : She was able to shoot both Bill Lawrence-helmed "Ground Floor" and "Undateable" simultaneously because both comedies are multi-camera, which require fewer production days than single-camera shows.
Joyce Chu : In November 2015, Chu release her first EP, ""Joyce Chu"" with three songs, and started debuting in Taiwan.
Teresa Lu : Lu played on the Ladies Asian Golf Tour in 2006 and 2007, on the LPGA Tour from 2006 to 2010 and on the LPGA of Japan Tour (JLPGA) since 2010.
Juwan Fuad Masum : Juwan Fuad Masum (born 1972) is an Iraqi politician who was the Minister of Telecommunications, serving in the Iraqi Transitional Government.
Abzal Azhgaliyev : Abzal Azhgaliyev (born 30 June 1992) is a Kazakh male short track speed skater.
Anna Unterberger : Anna Unterberger (born 23 September 1985) is an Italian actress from Bozen.
Pany Yathotou : Pany Yathotou ( ; born Xiangkhouang Province, 18 February 1951) is a Laotian politician and member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party.
Pany Yathotou : She was the chairwoman and governor of the Bank of the Lao P.D.R., the country's central bank, from 1988 until 1997.
Jacqueline Wong : On January 23, 1989, Wong was born in New York City.
Kim Jin-sung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Aimi Yoshikawa : Luna-sensei" (“"Watch-out!
Kyung Soo-jin : Kyung Soo-jin (born December 5, 1987) is a South Korean actress.
Heather Olver : Heather Olver (born 15 March 1986) is an English badminton player.
Heather Olver : She started playing at the age of six and started when she joined her local club, Waldron Junior BC, with her brother.
Heather Olver : She competed in the mixed team and mixed doubles event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won silver medals respectively.
Felicity Green : "Sex, Sense and Nonsense", published in November 2014, is Green's anthology of her 1960s work for the "Daily Mirror".
Lee Hyeon-seo : She spoke at the Oslo Freedom Forum in May 2014.
Lee Hyeon-seo : The YouTube video of her talk has received over 12 million views.
Lee Hyeon-seo : She endured anti-North Korean prejudice and sometimes thought "it would be so much easier to return to China."
Lee Hyeon-seo : She later said that this encounter marked the moment "when my view of the world changed and I realized there were many good people on this planet.
Lee Hyeon-seo : Moreover, if the Chinese government learned that I was not actually a Chinese citizen, I would be jailed, heavily fined and then deported again: back to North Korea."
Lee Hyeon-seo : In addition, she was one of "50 college students who had escaped from North Korea for the ‘English for the Future’ program sponsored by the British Embassy in Seoul, which helps [her] keep up [her] English studies."
Lee Hyeon-seo : We are a racially homogeneous people on the outside, but inside we have become very different as a result of the 63 years of division."
Lee Hyeon-seo : She "was quickly ushered into another room," where officials inspected her papers, asked her if she was actually Chinese, and "informed me that I would be incarcerated for an unspecified period of time and then deported back to China if I was in violation of Korean law.
Lee Hyeon-seo : She later recalled a letter her mother received from the sister of a colleague, stating "When you read this, all five family members will not exist in this world, because we haven't eaten for the past two weeks… We are lying on the floor together, and our bodies are so weak we are ready to die."
Bae Woo-hee : On May 24, 2012, it was announced that Bae would be joining the pop girl group Dal Shabet, where she would be replacing former member Viki.
Milo Moiré : In 2015, Moiré was arrested by French police, and spent the night in the cells, after posing for naked "selfies" with tourists in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Milo Moiré : Milo Moiré (] (born 7 May 1983) is a Swiss conceptual artist and model known for her nude performances and the use of her body in her art.
Marie Harf : In January 2017 she became a political commentator for the Fox News Channel.
Marie Harf : Harf began her career at the Directorate of Intelligence at the CIA as an analyst focusing on Middle Eastern leadership issues.
Marie Harf : Harf, daughter of Jane Ax Harf of Granville, Ohio, and James E. Harf of St. Louis, Missouri.
Marie Harf : In June 2013, Harf was appointed Deputy Spokesperson for the Department of State, where she served as deputy under Jen Psaki.
Marie Harf : She served as the Senior advisor of Strategic Communications to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry at the United States Department of State, leading the Iran nuclear negotiations communications strategy.
Marie Harf : During the 2012 presidential election, she reportedly helped craft U.S. President Barack Obama's national security and communications strategy, and also served as campaign spokesperson on national security issues.
Jang Ki-bum : Jang Ki-bum (born May 22, 1990) is a South Korean actor.
Yang Zishan : Yang married actor Matt Wu in 2015.
Yang Zishan : In 2015, she won the Best Actress award at the China Movie Channel Media Awards for her performance in "20 Once Again".
Gong Hyung-jin : Gong Hyung-jin (born April 10, 1969) is a South Korean actor.
Min Do-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Meghan Trainor : Trainor won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards.
Kim Seol-hyun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Seol-hyun : In March 2016, Seolhyun was selected as an official ambassador to Korea national elections in 2016.
Kim Seol-hyun : In 2010, Seolhyun won the 8th Smart Model Contest (스마트 모델 선발 대회), a competition in which ordinary students wear uniforms.
Rozzi Crane : Rosalind Elizabeth "Rozzi" Crane (born May 2, 1991) is an American singer-songwriter from San Francisco.
Megumi Igarashi : Their first child, a son, was born on 2 February 2017.
Kim Un-sol : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Du Yun : On April 10, 2017, she was awarded Pulitzer Prize for Music for her second opera, "Angel's Bone".
Du Yun : Du Yun later moved to the United States and graduated from the Oberlin Conservatory of Music with a Bachelor of Music degree in composition, under Randolph Coleman, and received a Ph.D. in music composition from Harvard University with Bernard Rands and Mario Davidovsky.
Du Yun :  Du Yun won the Pulitzer Prize for Music for her opera "Angel's Bone" in 2017, making her the first Asian woman to win this prize in music.
Kwon Mina : On July 4, Shin posted an apology to her Instagram page while FNC Entertainment released a statement announcing that she had been removed from AOA and would be halting all entertainment activities.
Vivianne Miedema : Anna Margaretha Marina Astrid "Vivianne" Miedema {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'RON', '4': "} (] ; born 15 July 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for FA Women's Super League (FA WSL) club Arsenal and the Netherlands national team.
Heo Young-ji : On December 8, 2016, DSP Media revealed Heo as the first hidden member of their new co-ed group K.A.R.D.
Park Subin : Park Su-bin (Korean:  ; born February 12, 1994), better known as Subin or Dalsooobin, is a South Korean singer, songwriter and television host.
Tan Jiaxin : Tan Jiaxin (; born December 3, 1996 in Changsha) is an elite Chinese gymnast.
Tan Jiaxin : In November, she was named to the Chinese team for the Stuttgart World Cup, where she won the gold medal in the Team Challenge
Chen Siyi : Alongside teammates Yao Jinnan, Shang Chunsong, Huang Huidan, Tan Jiaxin, and Bai Yawen, the Chinese team won gold in Incheon ahead of the North Korean and South Korean teams and silver in Nanning behind the United States and ahead of Russia.
Chen Siyi : In January, she competed at the Australian Olympic Youth Festival with three other Chinese juniors.
Bai Yawen : Bai Yawen () is a former Chinese artistic gymnast.
Meliha İsmailoğlu : Meliha İsmailoğlu (born Meliha Smajlović, September 17, 1993 in Gradačac) is a Bosnian-Turkish female volleyball player.
Jade Cole : Jade Chantel Cole (born June 19, 1979) is an American fashion and print model and former reality television personality.
Jade Cole : She has signed with Diva Models, based in Singapore; Dream Models, based in Hong Kong; Uber-Warning Models, based in Los Angeles; VMH Models, based in Vancouver; and SMG Models, based in Seattle.
Lianna Swan : Swan explained her decision to opt for Pakistan: "I would get a lot more out of being part of the Pakistan team because there’s a lot more people trying for the British team.
Lianna Swan : In February 2016, Lianna won gold medal in the women's 200m breaststroke in 2016 South Asian Games.
Park Cho-a : In May 2019, her contract with FNC expired and was not renewed.
Park Cho-a : Her departure from AOA was officially confirmed by FNC Entertainment on June 30, 2017.
Kelly Gale : Gale's first big fashion show was Chanel in 2012.
Kelly Gale : Kelly Olivia Gale (born 14 May 1995) is a Swedish-Australian model of Indian and Australian heritage.
Kelly Gale : Initially, Gale's parents were opposed to her working as a model but she eventually started modeling one year later.
Naomi Osaka : Naomi Osaka was born on October 16, 1997, in Chūō-ku, Osaka in Japan to Tamaki Osaka and Leonard François.
Park Won-sook : Park Won-sook (; born January 19, 1949) is a South Korean actress.
Susana Díaz : Studying Law in the Universidad de Sevilla, it took her 10 years to accomplish her degree.
Susana Díaz : Susana Díaz was born the eldest child to José Díaz, a plumber in the Seville City Council, and his wife, Rosa Pacheco, a housewife with whom he had three other daughters, Diana, Rocío and Laura.
Susana Díaz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susana Díaz : Susana Díaz Pacheco (] ; born 18 October 1974) is a Spanish politician from Andalusia and a leading figure in the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) as a leader of the Andalusian PSOE-A.
Susana Díaz : She was Secretary General of the PSOE in Seville between 14 July, 201215 and 30 November 2013.
Carla Ossa : Carla Ossa (born June 18, 1985) is a Colombian model.
Georgia Stevens : Georgia Stevens (born 13 June 1973) is a former English female rugby union player.
Robin de Kruijf : Robin de Kruijf (born 5 May 1991), is a Dutch volleyball player for Imoco Volley and Netherlands national team.
Kandy Wong : Kandy Wong Shan-yee (born 16 October 1987), also known as her stage name "Tong Mui", is the vocal of the Hong Kong-based band Sugar Club, she is regarded as a lookalike for the Cantopop singer Priscilla Chan .
Kim Ki-hee : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Ki-hee : Kim Ki-hee (born January 28, 1953) is a South Korean paralympic archer.
Inori Minase : Minase made her solo music debut in 2015, affiliating with King Records.
Kim Min-sung : Kim Min-sung (born December 17, 1988) is South Korean professional baseball infielder for the LG Twins of the KBO League.
Tia Lee : In 2011, Dream Girls released their debut EP "Dream Girls".
Tia Lee : Tia Lee () is a Taiwanese singer, actress and model.
Elizabeth Holmes : On May 16, 2017, approximately 99 percent of Theranos shareholders reached an agreement with the company to dismiss all current and potential litigation in exchange for shares of preferred stock.
Elizabeth Holmes : In 2015, she helped to draft and pass a law in Arizona to let people obtain and pay for lab tests without requiring insurance or healthcare provider approval, while misrepresenting the accuracy and effectiveness of the Theranos device.
Mai Murakami : She attended university at the Nippon Sport Science University in Tokyo.
Mai Murakami : She is Japan's first World gold medalist on this event, and Japan's second World gold medalist on any women's gymnastics event, after Keiko Tanaka-Ikeda won the gold on the balance beam in 1954.
Katherine Wei-Sender : Katherine Wei-Sender (born 4 October 1930), born Yang Xiaoyan (), is a Chinese American contract bridge player.
Alison Stone : from the University of Sussex where her thesis was "Sexual Difference and the Philosophy of Nature: Hegel, Irigaray and the Material", and before joining Lancaster University in 2002 she held a temporary lectureship and a research fellowship at Cambridge University.
Adeline Wong : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Adeline Wong : She served as an administrative assistant to former Chief Secretary Rafael Hui prior to his appointment as Undersecretary of the Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau.
Lily-Rose Depp : Since her birth, Depp has been the subject of tabloid and media reporting, including birthdays, attendance at society events, and reviews of her fashion choices.
Lim Heem Wei : Lim Heem Wei (born 12 April 1989) is a Singapore artistic gymnast.
Yurika Kubo : Kubo's contract with Clare Voice ended on 31 December 2017, and she began freelancing.
Jose Yu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jose Yu : As a member of the pro-Beijing camp, Yu maintained good relations with the Chinese government, and was appointed as a in 1993, and a National committee member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference representing Hong Kong, serving in that post from 2003 to 2013.
Aina Kusuda : Prior to entering the anime industry, Kusuda worked in a maid cafe in Akihabara called Cafe la vie en rose.
Sasha Luss : Alexandra "Sasha" Alexeyevna Luss (Russian: Александра "Саша" Алексеевна Лусс; born 6 June 1992) is a Russian fashion model and actress.
Sasha Luss : Luss has stated that her grandmother disapproved of this career move, claiming that modelling is a terrible, immoral business.
Daria Ustinova : Daria Konstantinovna Ustinova ( ; born 29 August 1998) is a Russian backstroke swimmer.
Kate Robertshaw : Kate Robertshaw (born 13 September 1990) is a British badminton player.
Mariana Agathangelou : Mariana Agathangelou (born 14 August 1988) is a British badminton player.
Eugenia Tymoshenko : Eugenia (Yevhenia) Oleksandrivna Tymoshenko ( ; born 20 February 1980) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur, philanthropist and activist who is the President of the Association of Public Organizations "Social Protection".
Caroline Series : She is the daughter of the physicist George Series.
Caroline Series : Caroline Mary Series {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 24 March 1951) is an English mathematician known for her work in hyperbolic geometry, Kleinian groups and dynamical systems.
Caroline Series : In the 1970s, Series found illustrations of Rufus Bowen's Theory of Dynamic Systems in the geometry of continued fractions and two-dimensional hyperbolic geometry, effect of Fuchsian groups.
Caroline Series : She was awarded a Kennedy Scholarship and studied at Harvard University from 1972, obtaining her Ph.D. in 1976 supervised by George Mackey on the "Ergodicity of product groups".
Leah Williamson : Williamson joined Arsenal's Centre of Excellence in 2006 at the age of nine.
Leah Williamson : Williamson made her senior team debut as she came on as an 81st-minute substitution for Rachel Yankey in Arsenal's 0–2 defeat to Birmingham City in the UEFA Women's Champions League quarter-final.
Tao Tsuchiya : 4".
Tao Tsuchiya : Chosen from among 2,020 women auditioning for the part, Tsuchiya was cast in the starring role of "Mare", a morning drama serial aired on Japan's public television starting March 30, 2015.
Lele Pons : She graduated from Miami Country Day School in 2015 and moved to Los Angeles, California.
Jo Se-ho : Jo Se-ho (, born August 9 1982, is a South Korean comedian.
Jacelyn Tay : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Jacelyn Tay : She was married to Brian Wong and they divorced in January 2019.
Jacelyn Tay : After penning two best-selling books – “Feel Good Look Good with Jacelyn” & “Make-up for Asian Women” in 2004 and 2005 respectively, Jacelyn further pursued a new career in the wellness industry in 2006 by setting up Body Inc. Holistic Wellness Centre.
Kim Hyang-gi : Kim Hyang-gi (born August 9, 2000) is a South Korean actress.
Erik Olsson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yang Mi-kyung : Yang Mi-kyung (born July 25, 1961) is a South Korean actress.
Lotte Kopecky : Lotte Kopecky (born 10 November 1995) is a Belgian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam Liv Racing .
Lin Tzu-chi : The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled in November 2018, after an appeal by the World Anti-Doping Agency, that Lin was to serve an eight-year suspension, and additionally vacated all weightlifting medals, prizes and points earned by Lin after 24 June 2016.
Wang Gongliang : Wang Gongliang (Chinese:王宫良; born December 14, 1989), born Wang Keda (), is a Chinese singer, actor and model.
Huang Yun-wen : Huang Yun-wen (; born 4 November 1994) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Lin Wan-ting : Lin Wan-ting (; born 24 February 1996) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Micaela Navarro : She also was Counselor of Equality and Welfare of the Junta of Andalucía from 2004 to 2012.
Micaela Navarro : Micaela Navarro (born 2 September 1956) is a Spanish politician who was President of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party since 2014 until 2016.
Micaela Navarro : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chuang Chia-chia : Chuang Chia-chia (; born 13 May 1989) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Natalie Evans, Baroness Evans of Bowes Park : Evans served as a government whip in the House of Lords during the 2015 government, and spoke briefly in January 2016 about how "education must be at the heart of our prison system if we are to rehabilitate effectively".
Natalie Evans, Baroness Evans of Bowes Park : On 14 July 2016 Baroness Evans was appointed to the post of Leader of the House of Lords by then prime minister, Theresa May.
Natalie Evans, Baroness Evans of Bowes Park : Natalie Jessica Evans, Baroness Evans of Bowes Park, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 29 November 1975) is a British politician serving as Leader of the House of Lords since 2016, the first occupant of the role who has served under two prime ministers for nearly 50 years since Lord Shepherd in 1974.
Natalie Evans, Baroness Evans of Bowes Park : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yara van Kerkhof : Yara van Kerkhof (] ; born 31 May 1990) is a Dutch short track speed skater.
Absinthe Green : Eirini “Absinthe Green” Papadopoulou (born August 13, 1986, in Athens, Greece) is a female singer and bassist.
Chen Xinyi : The International Swimming Federation Doping Panel decided to impose on her a period of two years’ ineligibility, from August 11, 2016 to August 10, 2018 for her first anti-doping rule violation.
Chen Xinyi : Chen Xinyi (born January 2, 1998) is a Chinese competitive swimmer, swimming freestyle, butterfly and individual medley.
Chen Xinyi : At the 2014 Asian Games, she won gold medals in the 50 metre freestyle, 100 metre butterfly and 4 × 100 m freestyle relay.
Shao Ting : Shao Ting (, born 10 December 1989) is a Chinese basketball player for the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) and for the Beijing Great Wall and the Chinese national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.
Tin-Tin Ho : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tin-Tin Ho : At the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia, Ho and Pitchford repeated their silver medal from four years earlier and she was also part of the England squad which won team bronze, alongside Kelly Sibley, Maria Tsaptsinos and Denise Payet.
Gabriela Guimarães : Guimarães played with her national team, winning the bronze at the 2014 World Championship when her team defeated Italy 3-2 in the bronze medal match.
Charmaine Fong : Charmaine Fong () is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer-songwriter and film actress.
Cai Weiyan : Cai Weiyan (; born 25 October 1973 in Anhui) is a retired athlete who specialised in the pole vault.
Zhong Xiaoyang : Zhong Xiaoyang was born in Guangzhou, China in 1962.
Zhong Xiaoyang : There, she attended Maryknoll Girls' School in Hong Kong and then came to America to study film at University of Michigan.
Shen Rong : Shen Rong () (born 1936) is a Chinese writer.
Kimberly Hill : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kimberly Hill : She received the accolades in 2011 with the indoor squad, and in 2012 and 2013 on the beach.
Kimberly Hill : Kimberly Hill (born November 30, 1989) is an American volleyball player for Imoco Volley and a member of the United States women's national volleyball team.
Kimberly Hill : Hill won a gold medal at the 2014 World Championship when the USA national team defeated China 3–1.
Kelsey Robinson : She played college women's volleyball at University of Tennessee and University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
Kelsey Robinson : Robinson won the 2016–17 CEV Champions League silver medal with Imoco Volley Conegliano after losing the final match 0-3 to the Turkish VakıfBank Istanbul winning also the Best Outside Spiker award.
Rachael Adams : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ferlyn Wong : Born and raised in Singapore, Ferlyn is fluent in both English and Mandarin and also Korean after spending two years in South Korea preparing for her debut in Skarf.
Ferlyn Wong : Skarf made their comeback with ""Luv Virus"" on May 28, 2013 and on May 31, 2013, the music video for "Luv Virus" was uploaded on their official YouTube channel.
Ferlyn Wong : On September 16, 2014, it was announced that Ferlyn will be leaving SKarf and will release a solo mandarin EP by 2015.
Ferlyn Wong : Ferlyn Wong (Chinese: 黄晶玲; born February 1, 1992), previously known by her stage name, Ferlyn G, is a Singaporean singer, dancer and actress.
Charlotte Kate Fox : Charlotte Kate Fox (born August 14, 1985) is an American film, TV, and theatrical actress and musician.
Zhang Bichen : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhang Bichen : She was a member of the South Korean girl group Sunny Days.
Rula Ghani : Ghani holds citizenship in Afghanistan, Lebanon, and the United States.
Xidan Girl : As her name was unknown then, she was simply called "Xidan Girl" by Chinese netizens, many claiming to have been reduced to tears by her heartfelt performance.
Amber An : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Amber An : Amber An (), born Liao Ching-ling (), is a Taiwanese actress, singer, television host, and model.
Amber An : Amber An entered the showbiz in February 2009 through television program "Celebrity Imitated Show: The Largest Political Party", in which she impersonates other celebrities, most prominently singer Kuo Shu-yao.
Yoon Jeong-yeon : Yoon Jeong-yeon (born 9 November 1992) is a South Korean female taekwondo practitioner.
Sophie Cookson : Sophie Louise Cookson (born 15 May 1990) is an English actress best known for portraying secret agent Roxanne "Roxy" Morton / Lancelot in the 2015 spy film "" and its 2017 sequel "", and for playing the title role of Christine Keeler in the BBC One drama series, "The Trial of Christine Keeler".
Sophie Cookson : After being part of a theatre company that had toured Japan, she decided to quit acting to study art history and Arabic at the University of Edinburgh.
Janet Yang : Janet Yang (born July 13, 1956) is a Hollywood producer.
Kenny Wong : Kenny Wong Tak-bun is a Hong Kong actor.
Marie Kondo : Kondo married Takumi Kawahara in 2012.
Marie Kondo : She founded her organising consulting business when she was 19 and a sociology student at Tokyo Woman's Christian University.
Marie Kondo : She was listed as one of "Time"'s "100 most influential people" in 2015.
Jessica Kizaki : Born in Tokyo, Kizaki made her debut on June 2008, appearing on the first image DVD "Active high school student physical examination".
Lee Ah-jin : Lee Ah-jin (, born February 4, 1991) is a South Korean actress, and model.
Lia Quartapelle : Lia Quartapelle (born 15 August 1982) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party (PD).
Lia Quartapelle : In parliament, Quartapelle serves on the Committee on Foreign and European Community Affairs, the Sub-Committee on Human Rights, the Sub-Committee on Sustainable Development, and the Sub-Committee on Africa and Global Affairs.
Kang Boo-ja : Kang Boo-ja (born February 8, 1941) is a South Korean actress.
Zhu Jing : June Zhu or Zhu Jing (Chinese:朱婧; born April 18, 1988), born Yue Hanzan (月罕瓒), is a folk singer of Dai ethnicity from Yunnan, China.
Zhu Jing : Years later after competing in a singing competition, she released a new single on July 25, 2014 and her second solo album in September 2014.
Park Yeon-mi : As of November 2016, she was majoring in economics.
Park Yeon-mi : Park and her American husband Ezekiel have one child together, a son.
Eriko Matsui : In 2017 she released her solo album debut "Nijiyobi".
Na-mi : Gim Myeong-ok (Korean:  ; born October 9, 1957), better known by the stage name Na-mi (Korean:  ), is a South Korean singer.
Tina Smith : Christine Elizabeth Smith (née Flint, born March 4, 1958) is an American politician and former businesswoman serving as the junior United States senator from Minnesota since 2018.
Leticia Lee : A demonstration was held on 3 August 2014 in support of the police and the organisation set 4 August as the 'Support the Police Force Day'.
Ayasa Itō : Itō was a junior high school student when she tried out some dub recording at NHK Studio Park.
Ayasa Itō : Itō grew up in Kyoto but commuted to Tokyo where she worked, she finally moved there in early 2015 after her high school graduation then attended college.
Ayasa Itō : On April 10 2020, Itō, Aimi, and Mikoi Sasaki started their own YouTube channel under the name of the Three Voice Acting Sisters [Team Y].
Sopiko Guramishvili : Sopiko Guramishvili (Georgian: ; born 1 January 1991) is a Georgian and Dutch chess player.
Ban Hyo-jung : Ban Hyo-jung (born Ban Man-hee on November 27, 1942) is a South Korean actress.
Fei-Fei Li : Among her best-known work is the ImageNet project, which has revolutionized the field of large-scale visual recognition.
Fei-Fei Li : During her years at Princeton, she returned home most weekends so that she could work in her parents' dry-cleaning store.
Fei-Fei Li : When she was 12, her father moved to the US; when she was 16, she and her mother joined him in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey.
Fei-Fei Li : Her work appears in computer science and neuroscience journals including "Nature", "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", "Journal of Neuroscience", Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, International Conference on Computer Vision, Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, European Conference on Computer Vision, International Journal of Computer Vision, and "IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence".
Romee Strijd : She has walked runway shows for Alexander McQueen, Badgley Mischka, Balmain, Burberry, Calvin Klein, Celine, Christopher Kane, DKNY, Jeremy Scott, Donna Karan, EDUN, Giambattista Valli, Hussein Chalayan, Isabel Marant, Jil Sander, Jill Stuart, Kenzo, Loewe, Louis Vuitton, Marchesa, Michael Kors, Nina Ricci, Peter Som, Phillip Lim, Prabal Gurung, Prada, Rag & Bone, Rochas, Roland Mouret, Vera Wang, Off White and Victoria's Secret.
Kasthuriraani Patto : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Airi Matsui : In 2015, Matsui endorsed the Ghana chocolate brand.
Seo Yu-na : On 1 January 2021, Yuna's contract expired with FNC Entertainment, and she left the company.
Ruselli Hartawan : Ruselli Hartawan (born 27 December 1997) is an Indonesian badminton player.
Ruselli Hartawan : She competed in the girls' singles badminton at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China, but she was stopped in the quarter-finals after being defeated by Akane Yamaguchi of Japan.
Stella Maxwell : Stella Maynes Maxwell (born 15 May 1990) is a Belgian-born Northern Irish-New Zealand model best known for her work with Victoria's Secret.
Stella Maxwell : She became a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2015, and is also the face of the cosmetics brand Max Factor.
Cha Hwa-yeon : Cha Hwa-yeon (born Cha Hak-kyung; February 12, 1961) is a South Korean actress.
Marina Tchebourkina : 2005: Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters (France).
Haruka Yoshimura : On December 31, 2019, she married Saitama Seibu Lions pitcher Shōgo Noda.
Lainz Angels of Death : In 2008, the Justice Ministry in Austria announced that it would release Wagner and Leidolf from prison due to good behavior.
Lainz Angels of Death : Maria Gruber, Irene Leidolf, Stephanija Meyer, and Waltraud Wagner were four Austrian women who worked as nurse's aides at the Geriatriezentrum am Wienerwald in , Vienna, and who murdered scores of patients between 1983 and 1989.
Lainz Angels of Death : Leidolf received a life sentence as well, on conviction of five murders, while Mayer and Gruber received 20 years and 15 years respectively for manslaughter and attempted murder charges.
Kim Yong-suk : Kim Yong-suk (born June 12, 1979 in Pyongyang, North Korea) is a North Korean figure skater.
Kaela Kimura : On September 1, 2010, Kimura married actor Eita after becoming engaged in late 2009.
Kaela Kimura : Born in Adachi, Tokyo, Japan to a Japanese mother and British father, Kimura started working as a model in 2002 for the Japanese magazine "Seventeen".
Evgenia Radanova : Evgenia Radanova ( , born 4 November 1977) is a Bulgarian female short track speed skater and racing cyclist who has participated in both the Summer and Winter Olympics.
Reneta Indzhova : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Reneta Indzhova : In 2001 she took part in the presidential elections but failed to garner significant support.
Reneta Indzhova : Reneta Ivanova Indzhova ( ] ) (born 6 July 1953) is a Bulgarian politician and manager.
Tsai Ing-wen : !
Tsai Ing-wen : colspan="4" style="text-align:right;" |Total votes
Tsai Ing-wen : She later studied law at the London School of Economics and Political Science, with her thesis titled ""Unfair trade practices and safeguard actions"""," and was awarded a Ph.D. in law from the University of London.
Tsai Ing-wen : On 25 April 2010, Tsai participated in a televised debate against President and Kuomintang chairman Ma Ying-jeou over a proposed trade agreement, the Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement (ECFA); while President Ma believed ECFA would increase Taiwanese exports to mainland China and lower unemployment rates, Tsai said it "will force Taiwan to open up for cheap Chinese exports eventually" and certain domestic industries will be harmed by the mainland trade invasion.
Catherine Bush : "The Rules of Engagement" (HarperCollins, 2000), a national bestseller, was published internationally, shortlisted for the City of Toronto Book Award, and chosen as a New York Times Notable Book and a Best Book of the Year by the "Los Angeles Times" and "The Globe and Mail".
Katharine McPhee : A spokesperson for the label stated, "She is going to record her next album on her own."
Katharine McPhee : McPhee appeared on Idol judge Randy Jackson's album "Randy Jackson's Music Club, Vol.
Katharine McPhee : On January 11, 2008, it was reported by Billboard.com that McPhee had been released from her contract with RCA Records.
Katharine McPhee : McPhee released a cover of the song "I Know What Boys Like", featuring the other cast members of the movie 'The House Bunny'.
Katharine McPhee : From 2014 to 2018, she starred in CBS' "Scorpion" as Paige Dineen.
Katharine McPhee : On June 6, 2006, Sony BMG announced that McPhee had signed to "American Idol" series creator Simon Fuller's 19 Recordings Limited and Sony BMG's RCA Records.
Allison Baver : Allison Baver was an American short track speed skater.
Le Jingyi : Le Jingyi (; born March 19, 1975 in Shanghai) is a former swimmer from China who won the gold medal in the 100 metres freestyle at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, USA.
Kiran Desai : Kiran Desai (born 3 September 1971) is an Indian author.
Yuna Kim : "She's beautiful.
Yuna Kim : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yuna Kim : Yuna Kim (Hangul: 김연아; born September 5, 1990), also credited in eastern name order as Kim Yuna or Kim Yeon-ah, is a retired South Korean competitive figure skater.
Yuna Kim : To prepare for her senior debut in the 2006–2007 season, Kim trained extensively with Brian Orser at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club in Canada during the summer of 2006.
Aya Hirano : Hirano is known for her roles as Haruhi Suzumiya in the "Haruhi Suzumiya" franchise, Misa Amane in "Death Note", Konata Izumi in "Lucky Star", and Lucy Heartfilia in "Fairy Tail".
Aya Hirano : Hirano was born in Nagoya on October 8, 1987.
Kikuyo Aoki : Kikuyo joined the Nihon Ki-in in 1981.
Jessica Rawson : Dame Jessica Rawson, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 20 January 1943) is an English art historian, curator and sinologist.
Rosie Malek-Yonan : Rosie Malek-Yonan (b. July 4, 1965) is an Assyrian-American actress, author, director, public figure and activist.
Kalyna Roberge : Kalyna Roberge (born October 1, 1986) is a Canadian short track speed skater.
Taraji P. Henson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Taraji P. Henson : In April 2019, she starred in the historical drama "The Best of Enemies", portraying civil rights activist Ann Atwater.
Taraji P. Henson : Henson collaborated with MAC Cosmetics to create the Taraji P. Henson makeup collection in late August 2016.
Taraji P. Henson : In February 2015, Henson posed in an ad for the NOH8 Campaign supporting the LGBT community.
Taraji P. Henson : She joined PETA again for their 2013 campaign, "Be an Angel for Animals", where Henson posed with her family dog Uncle Willie.
Taraji P. Henson : On March 16, 2015, she was a guest co-host on "Live!
Taraji P. Henson : Henson has guest-starred on several television shows, including The WB's "Smart Guy", the Fox series "House" in 2005, and CBS's "" in 2006.
Alisa Mizuki : On March 21, 2015, she announced that she married Koji Aoyama, a president of a construction company.
Alisa Mizuki : Alongside Rie Miyazawa and Riho Makise, Mizuki was one of the top idols of the 1990s and due to their popularity and ubiquity, the trio were nicknamed "3M" by the media.
Amel Bent : Amel Bent Bachir ( ; born 21 June 1985) is a French R&B and pop singer who gained fame after reaching the semi-finals of season 2 of French TV singing comptetition "Nouvelle Star".
Marge Champion : Marjorie Celeste Champion (née Belcher; September 2, 1919October 21, 2020) was an American dancer and actress.
Mandy Chiang : Her music career first began in 2002 when she was partnered with Yumiko Cheng (鄭希怡) and Maggie Lau (劉思惠) to form the female group 3T.
Asami Jō : Jō was born in Tokyo on September 15, 1975, and was a TV commercial model before starting a career in the adult entertainment industry.
Liu Chaoying : The relationship between Liu and Chung became increasingly apparent to officials within the intelligence community, and specifically with regards to U.S. National Security Council (NSC) aide Robert Suettinger, when Chung befriended former Lt. Col. Liu Chaoying during a Commerce Department trade mission to China.
Princess Salha bint Asem : Princess Salha bint Asem (born 14 June 1987) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Al Nayef and Princess Sana Asem.
Princess Yasmine bint Asem : Princess Yasmine bint Asem (born 30 June 1975) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Nayef and Firouzeh Vokhshouri.
Princess Sara bint Asem : Princess Sara's parents divorced in 1985 and in 1986 her father married Sana Kalimat.
Princess Sara bint Asem : Princess Sara bint Asem (born 12 August 1978) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Nayef and Firouzeh Vokhshouri.
Lim Jung-woo : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Lim Jung-woo : Lim Jung-woo (born January 20, 1978) is a field hockey player from South Korea, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Kiira Korpi : Korpi began skating at the age of five, following her older sister.
Kiira Korpi : In addition to her native Finnish, Korpi also speaks Swedish, English, and German.
Kiira Korpi : In Finland her nickname is "Jääprinsessa" (Ice Princess) due to her resemblance to Grace Kelly, the former Princess of Monaco.
Kiira Korpi : She is a three-time European medalist (bronze in 2007 and 2011, silver in 2012), the 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard champion, the 2012 Rostelecom Cup champion, a two-time Cup of China medalist, and a five-time Finnish national champion (2009, 2011–2013, 2015).
Suzanne Collins : Suzanne Collins (born August 10, 1962) is an American television writer and author.
Suzanne Collins : On June 17, 2019, Collins announced that a prequel to "The Hunger Games" would be released on May 19, 2020.
Dion Lam : Dion Lam (林迪安; Lam Dik-On) is a Hong Kong action choreographer and actor.
Yukari Nakano : Yukari Nakano was born on August 25, 1985 in Kōnan, Aichi Prefecture.
Julia Stegner : Julia Stegner (born 2 November 1984 in Munich, Bavaria, West Germany) is a German model.
Portia Simpson-Miller : In 1998, Simpson married Errald Miller, a business executive and former CEO of Cable & Wireless Jamaica Ltd. On 29 May 2006 she was vested with the Jamaican Order of the Nation, giving her (and her husband) the title "The Most Honourable".
Portia Simpson-Miller : Simpson-Miller replaced Patterson as prime minister on 30 March 2006, becoming the first female head of government of the nation and the third in the Anglophone Caribbean, following Eugenia Charles of Dominica and Janet Jagan of Guyana.
Portia Simpson-Miller : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Annise Parker : Houston became the largest U.S. city ever to have an openly gay individual serve as mayor.
Annise Parker : Annise Danette Parker (born May 17, 1956) is an American politician who served as the 61st Mayor of Houston, Texas, from 2010 until 2016.
Annise Parker : Prior to serving as an elected official, Parker worked in the oil and gas industry as a software analyst for over 20 years, including 18 years at Mosbacher Energy.
Annise Parker : Parker began attending Rice University on a National Merit scholarship in 1974, working several jobs to pay for her room and board.
Annise Parker : On January 16, 2014, Parker and Hubbard were married in Palm Springs, California.
Min Xiao-Fen : She is also a founder of Blue Pipa, Inc.
Min Xiao-Fen : Min worked with Björk on the song "I See Who You Are" on Björk's album "Volta", released on May 7, 2007.
Min Xiao-Fen : She has worked with numerous contemporary composers, including Chen Yi, Zhou Long, Carl Stone, Anthony De Ritis, Marc Battier, and John Zorn.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi was appointed the first Pratham USA Ambassador, representing the largest educational movement in India.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi married Rajesh Nihalani, a bespoke tailor, at the age of 26.
Archie Panjabi : In support of women's rights, she has partnered with Amnesty International to head their Stop Violence Against Women campaign to change the "no recourse to public funds" rule that traps women in a cycle of violence.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi was born in Edgware, London to Govind and Padma Panjabi, both Sindhi Hindu immigrants from India.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi next appeared in 2007 with Angelina Jolie in the film adaptation of "A Mighty Heart", a book by Mariane Pearl, wife of the journalist Daniel Pearl.
Archie Panjabi : On 28 May 2012, she was cast as pathologist Tanya Reed Smith in BBC Two drama series "The Fall".
Diane Ackerman : She has received a D. Lit from Kenyon College, Guggenheim Fellowship, John Burroughs Nature Award, Lavan Poetry Prize, and has been honored as a Literary Lion of the New York Public Library.
Lee Soon-ok : For six years, Lee was imprisoned in Kaechon concentration camp where she reported witnessing forced abortions, infanticide, instances of rape, public executions, testing of biological weapons on prisoners (see human experimentation in North Korea), extreme malnutrition, and other forms of inhumane conditions and depravity.
Myolie Wu : In 2020, she announced she is pregnant with her third child.
Lu Li : Lu made the Chinese national team in late 1991.
Lu Li : Lu Li (; born August 30, 1976) is a Chinese gymnast.
Corina Casanova : Born in Ilanz, Graubünden, Casanova worked as a lawyer in the practice of the former President of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court, Giusep Nay, as well as a Red Cross delegate in South Africa, Angola, Nicaragua and El Salvador.
Patricia Piccinini : In 2015 she presented as part of a group exhibition titled "Menagerie" at the Australian Centre for Contemporary Art, Melbourne.
Patricia Piccinini : In 2003, Piccinini represented Australia at the 50th Venice Biennale.
Patricia Piccinini : The budget for the project was $300,000 and has been the subject of comments made by ACT Chief Ministers Jon Stanhope and Andrew Barr.
Patricia Piccinini : Patricia Piccinini (born 1965 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is an Australian artist who works in a variety of media, including painting, video, sound, installation, digital prints, and sculpture.
Patricia Piccinini : Specific works have addressed concerns about biotechnology, such as gene therapy and ongoing research to map the human genome... she is also fascinated by the mechanisms of consumer culture."
Patricia Piccinini : In 2016, the TAC commissioned Piccinini to work in collaboration with Dr. David Logan, a senior research fellow at the Monash University Accident Research Centre, and trauma surgeon Dr. Christian Kenfield, for "Project Graham" - as part of the TAC's road safety campaign Towards Zero.
Jumaat Haji Adam : Adam has described numerous "Nepenthes" taxa, mostly with C. C. Wilcock, including the species "N. faizaliana" and "N. mapuluensis", as well as the natural hybrids "N. × alisaputrana", "N. × sarawakiensis", and "N. × sharifah-hapsahii".
C. C. Wilcock : Together with J. H. Adam, Wilcock has described several "Nepenthes" taxa, including the species "N. faizaliana" and "N. mapuluensis", as well as the natural hybrids "N. × alisaputrana" and "N. × sarawakiensis".
Taryn Southern : In November 2008, Southern and Jessica Rose launched Webutantes, a new media studio.
Taryn Southern : On July 2, 2007, she released a comedic YouTube video called Hott4Hill in support of the first presidential campaign of U.S.
Kathryn Hahn : Kathryn Hahn (born July 23, 1973) is an American actress, comedian, and producer.
Kathryn Hahn : She grew up in Cleveland Heights, Ohio and attended St. Ann’s Catholic school in Cleveland Heights and Beaumont School.
Carolynne Poole : She attended Pudsey Grangefield High School.
Carolynne Poole : Carolynne released her debut 5 song album "Coming Back To Me" on 7 April 2017 and was subsequently nominated for two British Country Music Association Awards.
Carolynne Poole : In August 2015, Good announced that she was in a relationship with England cricketer David Willey, whom she married in November 2016.
Carolynne Poole : O'Leary then revealed that Poole had received the fewest public votes and she was sent home, much to the disgust of Barlow, who stormed off stage and later called Clark a "joke act" and "talentless".
Carolynne Poole : In 2010, she played the role of Sue in Bill Kenwright's UK tour of "Dreamboats and Petticoats", and had a minor role in the BBC film "Eric and Ernie".
Carolynne Poole : She reached the "judges' houses" stage, where Louis Walsh was her mentor in the "over 25s" category, but failed to progress through to the live shows, with Walsh instead choosing Johnny Robinson, Kitty Brucknell, Jonjo Kerr and Goldie Cheung (who later dropped out and was replaced by Sami Brookes).
Carolynne Poole : Under the wing of Christie's Amarillo Music, she co-wrote new material and formed the Carolynne Good Band in 2005 with songwriter/bassist Don Rogers, drummer Sean Fitzgerald, guitarists Alex Rogers and Alex Sharman from the London-based band Starling, and keyboard player Maki.
Annie Man : On March 2, 2012, Annie married a businessman, Jason Lee.
Lydia Davis : Lydia Davis (born July 15, 1947) is an American short story writer, novelist, essayist, and translator from French and other languages, who often writes extremely brief short stories.
Lydia Davis : Auster and Davis later divorced; Davis is now married to the artist Alan Cote, with whom she has another son, Theo Cote.
Jeannette Altwegg : She is the 1952 Olympic champion, the 1948 Olympic bronze medalist, the 1951 World champion, and a double (1951 & 1952) European champion.
Pamela J. Bjorkman : Pamela Jane Bjorkman (also spelled Pamela J. Björkman born 1956 in Portland, Oregon) is an American biochemist.
Rosalind Picard : Rosalind Wright Picard (born May 17, 1962) is an American scholar and inventor who is Professor of Media Arts and Sciences at MIT, founder and director of the Affective Computing Research Group at the MIT Media Lab, and co-founder of the startups Affectiva and Empatica.
Rosalind Picard : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Song Suk-woo : Song Suk-Woo (Hangul: 송석우, Hanja: 宋錫雨, born March 1, 1983) is a South Korean short track speed skater who won gold in the 5000m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
Helen Mary : In 2003, she saved two penalty strokes in final tie-breaker to win title for India at the Afro-Asian Games in Hyderabad.
Helen Mary : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Helen Mary : Helen Mary Innocent (born 14 March 1977 in Kerala) is a field hockey goalkeeper from India, who made her international debut for her native country in 1992 in the test series against Germany.
Lisa D'Amato : Lisa Marie D'Amato Friedman (born October 22, 1980) is an American recording artist, fashion model and television personality from Los Angeles, California.
Gøril Snorroeggen : Gøril Snorroeggen (born 15 February 1985) is a former Norwegian handball player, who played for Byåsen and Esbjerg.
Ren Hui : Ren Hui (; born 11 August 1983) is a Chinese speed skater who won a bronze medal in the Women's 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics and bronze at the World Single Distance Championships for Women.
P. T. Usha : Pilavullakandi Thekkeparambil Usha (born 27 June 1964) is a retired Indian track and field athlete.
P. T. Usha : At the 1982 New Delhi Asian Games, she won silver medals in 100 m and 200 m, clocking 11.95 s and 25.32 s. At the 1983 Open National Championships in Jamshedpur, she broke the 200 m national record again clocking 23.9 s, and with 53.6 s, set a new national record in 400 m. At the Asian Championships in Kuwait City the same year, she won gold in 400 m.
Martine Rothblatt : In 2013, Rothblatt was the highest-paid female CEO in America, earning $38 million.
Martine Rothblatt : She also served as a member of the Space Studies Institute (SSI) board of trustees.
Martine Rothblatt : Born as Martin Rothblatt to a Jewish family in Chicago, Illinois in 1954 to Rosa Lee and Hal Rothblatt, a dentist, she was raised in a suburb of San Diego, California.
Martine Rothblatt : Rothblatt is responsible for launching several communications satellite companies, including the first private international spacecom project (PanAmSat, 1984), the first global satellite radio network (WorldSpace, 1990), and the first non-geostationary satellite-to-car broadcasting system (Sirius Satellite Radio, 1990).
Martine Rothblatt : program, also at UCLA, she published five articles on the law of satellite communications and prepared a business plan for the Hughes Space and Communications Group titled "PanAmSat" about how satellite spot beam technology could be used to provide communication service to multiple Latin American countries.
Talulah Riley : Talulah Jane Riley (born 26 September 1985) is an English actress.
Talulah Riley : She has appeared in films such as "Pride & Prejudice", "St Trinian's", "The Boat That Rocked", "", and "Inception".
Talulah Riley : In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley, and sought a divorce by March 2012.
Tiffany Trump : Trump made numerous appearances during her father's 2016 presidential campaign.
Tiffany Trump : Her Instagram posts have frequently included photographs of herself with friends or with descendants of famous parents or grandparents, such as: Kyra Kennedy, Gaïa Jacquet-Matisse, Reya Benitez, Ezra J. William, and EJ Johnson.
Tiffany Trump : Tiffany Ariana Trump (born October 13, 1993) is the fourth child of former U.S. president Donald Trump, and the only child with his second wife, Marla Maples.
Maria Ressa : Maria Angelita Ressa (] , born October 2, 1963) is a Filipino-American journalist and author, the co-founder and CEO of Rappler.
Helen Adams : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Misono : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penny Tai : In addition to performing arts, Tai is enthusiastic about charity and was elected as one of Malaysia's Top Ten Outstanding Youths in 2011 .
Park Hee-jung : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bajrakitiyabha : Princess Bajrakitiyabha Narendira Debyavati, the Princess Rajasarinisiribajra ( , , also known as Princess Pa or Patty, born 7 December 1978) is a Thai diplomat and princess of Thailand, the first grandchild of King Bhumibol and Queen Sirikit of Thailand, and the only one of the seven children of King Maha Vajiralongkorn born to his first wife Princess Soamsawali.
Ploypailin Jensen : Than Phu Ying Ploypailin Jensen ( ; ; born February 12, 1981) is a member of the Thai Royal Family, a granddaughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand and a niece of King Vajiralongkorn of Thailand.
Doris Burke : At Providence, Sable earned a bachelor's degree in health service administration/socIal work and later a master's degree in education.
Doris Burke : In 2010, she was featured as the new sideline reporter for 2K Sports's "NBA 2K11" video game.
Doris Burke : She left Providence as its all-time leader in assists and as of 2012 was still second in that career category.
Doris Burke : On November 13, Burke debuted on ESPN's NBA pre-game show "NBA Countdown", alongside analysts Jalen Rose and Avery Johnson.
Amanda Hearst : As a former IMG model, Hearst has appeared on the covers of "Town & Country", "International Harper’s Bazaar", "Cosmopolitan", and other major magazines, and has been featured in "Vanity Fair".
Amanda Hearst : She was eventually persuaded to return to school, and she attended Fordham University, graduating in 2008 with a B.A.
Amanda Hearst : Her father, Richard McChesney, separated from her mother before Hearst's birth.
Ella Chen : In October 2016, Chen announced that she was 6 weeks pregnant with her first child with her husband, Alvin Lai, who is a Malaysian.
Ella Chen : Chen was a vocal mentor on Produce 101 China, which aired in 2018.
Helen Zille : It was not."
Helen Zille : It was not."
Helen Zille : Otta Helene Maree (née Zille ; born 9 March 1951), known as Helen Zille, is a South African politician.
Helen Zille : From 2009 until 2019, she was the Premier of the Western Cape province for two five-year terms, and a member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament.
Helen Zille : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ari Graynor : Ariel "Ari" Geltman Graynor (born April 27, 1983) is an American actress, known for her roles in TV series such as "The Sopranos" and "Fringe", in stage productions such as "Brooklyn Boy" and "The Little Dog Laughed", and in films such as "Whip It" and "For a Good Time, Call...".
Ari Graynor : Graynor played Elvina, a pop star, in "", and was a recurring guest star on the Fox series "Fringe", playing Agent Olivia Dunham's younger sister, Rachel.
Lucy Hawking : Catherine Lucy Hawking (born 2 November 1970) is an English journalist, novelist, educator, and philanthropist.
Sybille Bammer : Sybille Bammer (born 27 April 1980) is a former professional female tennis player from Austria.
Lynn Okamoto : The asteroid 49382 Lynnokamoto (1998 XG5) was named after him.
Karen Uhlenbeck : Uhlenbeck won the 2019 Abel Prize for "her pioneering achievements in geometric partial differential equations, gauge theory, and integrable systems, and for the fundamental impact of her work on analysis, geometry and mathematical physics."
Paulette Cooper : In February 1985, Cooper finally settled with the church for an undisclosed amount.
Paulette Cooper : Dubbed Operation Freakout, its goal was to have Cooper "incarcerated in a mental institution or jail or at least to hit her so hard that she drops her attacks."
Tara Conner : Tara Elizabeth Conner (born December 18, 1985) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss USA 2006 and has also competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants.
Tara Conner : She formerly was Field Host on the "Amazing America with Sarah Palin" program which aired on the Sportsman Channel.
Tara Conner : She visited Syosset High School on June 6, 2013, to talk to graduating seniors about the negative effects of substance abuse.
Tara Conner : Tara's Reign, Her family moved to Russell Springs, Kentucky when she was six weeks old.
Kate Alexa : She then went on to sign a record deal with her father's label, Liberation Music, in mid-2004.
Kate Alexa : In January 2010, Alexa was part of the line-up of the "Wet and Wild" festival in Gold Coast, Queensland.
Kate Alexa : As of early 2008, Alexa has been working on her second studio album titled "Infatuation", supposedly set for release in late 2008 but after numerous delays will now be released on 17 August 2012.
Kate Alexa : The video of "Infatuation"'s third single, "I'm Falling", was released on 16 July 2012.
Kate Alexa : On 16 April 2008, "Broken & Beautiful" was released in Japan, with two bonus tracks, "Walk On" and an acoustic version of "Always There".
Kate Alexa : In 2007, Alexa wrote and recorded twelve original songs plus the theme song "Ordinary Girl" and two songs from "Broken & Beautiful" for the soundtrack of the Australian television series "" series two, also titled "".
Kate Alexa : In late 2007, Alexa teamed up with Australian producer Molly Meldrum and American rapper Baby Bash to record a cover version of the Womack & Womack song "Teardrops", which was the first single released from Alexa's second studio album in 2008.
Kate Alexa : "Colors of the Rainbow" was the first song she recorded, stating "It's a really fun song, but I don't think I'm ever going to play it for anyone".
Kate Alexa : Two singles and videos were released prior to the album in 2011, the title track and "X-Rated".
Kate Alexa : In 2005, Alexa was finishing year twelve at Melbourne Girls Grammar School (studying Photography, English, Legal Studies and IT) when she released her second single, "My Day Will Come"; a song about seizing the moment, it was another top-thirty hit.
Kate Alexa : On 4 September 2006, Alexa released her fourth single "Somebody Out There" which was another top-thirty hit for her, and on 23 September 2006 Alexa released her long-awaited debut album "Broken & Beautiful" and described the album as a reflection of her life and journey over the past few years, and claims that everything on the album is true.
Tamira Paszek : Her mother is a Chilean-born Austrian of Polish and French descent; and her father, Ariff Mohamed, a Tanzanian-born, Kenyan-raised Canadian of Indian descent.
Agnieszka Radwańska : No.
Agnieszka Radwańska : No.
Agnieszka Radwańska : Radwańska was the flag bearer for Poland in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Agnieszka Radwańska : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" /> <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Agnieszka Radwańska : Agnieszka Roma Radwańska ( ) (nicknamed Aga, ] ; born 6 March 1989) is a Polish former professional tennis player.
Quenby Fung : Her books are very popular among youngsters in Hong Kong, especially among the senior primary and junior secondary students.
Quenby Fung : Quenby Fung () (12 November 1965 – 23 February 2020), born Fung Yan Yan () was a novelist in Hong Kong focused on writing Chinese children's literature for early teens.
Mabel Cheung : Her films include the "migration trilogy": "Illegal Immigrant" (1985), "An Autumn's Tale" (1987) and "Eight Taels of Gold" (1989).
Stephanie Rice : Rice attended Clayfield College in her high school years in Brisbane, Queensland.
Stephanie Rice : Rice was the gold medallist in the 200-metre individual medley at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia, where she defeated Olympians Brooke Hanson and Lara Carroll in a time of 2:12.90, a personal best by 1.19 seconds.
Jennifer Murray : Jennifer Murray (born June 1940 in Providence, Rhode Island) is a pilot.
Bree Turner : They have a daughter named Stella Jean (born June 29, 2010), and a son named Dean (born September 12, 2012).
Bree Turner : She then attended King's College London and University of California, Los Angeles.
Bree Turner : Bree Nicole Turner (born March 10, 1977) is an American actress and dancer; she is best known for her role as Rosalee Calvert on "Grimm".
Jeanne DuPrau : Jeanne DuPrau (born 1944 in San Francisco, California) is an American writer, best known for "The Books of Ember", a series of science fiction novels for young people.
Jeanne DuPrau : It was filmed in Belfast, Northern Ireland and stars Bill Murray as the Mayor of Ember, Saoirse Ronan, Harry Treadaway, Tim Robbins and Martin Landau.
Yasuko Aoike : Aoike made her professional debut at the age of 15 in "Ribon" magazine's 1963 Winter Special Edition with the short story "Sayonara Nanette".
Yasuko Aoike : Aoike grew up as the youngest child in a large family (including five sisters and a brother) that owned a construction company, so in her childhood she was surrounded by the strong men employed by the company.
Yasuko Aoike : In 1991 Aoike was awarded the Japan Cartoonists Association Award's Excellence Award for "Alcazar".
Cynthia Maung : Cynthia Maung ( ] ; born 6 December 1959) is a Burmese medical doctor and founder of Mae Tao Clinic that has been providing free healthcare services for internally displaced persons (IDP) and migrant workers on the Thai-Burmese border for three decades.
Cheer Chen : Cheer Chen Chi-chen (; born 6 June 1975) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
Deb Fischer : Debra Strobel Fischer (born March 1, 1951) is an American politician serving as the senior United States Senator from Nebraska since 2013.
Stephenie Meyer : On March 30, 2010, it was announced that Meyer had written a 200-page novella "The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner".
Stephenie Meyer : Aside from young adult novels, Meyer has ventured into adult novels with "The Host" (2008) and "The Chemist" (2016).
Stephenie Meyer : Wayne Janes of the "Toronto Sun" agreed, saying "Meyer's success points up another trend—the virtual domination of the best-seller lists the last few years by what would normally be classified as young adult fiction," and noted, "In the absence of a new Harry Potter adventure, teens, fantasy enthusiasts and women (sales are mostly to females) who swoon at the idea of a virginal James Dean-ish vampire made Meyer the go-to gal for chaste love."
Stephenie Meyer : "Twilight" reached No.
Cheng Pei-pei : Cheng Pei-pei (born 4 December 1946) is a Chinese actress perhaps best known for her performance in the 1966 King Hu "wuxia" film "Come Drink with Me" and, in the West, for her portrayal of Jade Fox in the award-winning 2000 "wuxia" film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
Han Myeong-sook : In 2000, she was elected as a member of the 16th Korean National Assembly (for Proportional representation).
Han Myeong-sook : She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and declared her presidential candidacy.
Han Myeong-sook : On 20 April 2006, Han Myeong-Sook was sworn in, becoming the first female Prime Minister of South Korea.
Han Myeong-sook : In 2010, she declared to run for Seoul's Mayor position, but was narrowly defeated by Oh Se-hoon of GNP.
Bibi Zhou : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Bibi Zhou : In January 2015, she held a public benefit concert Begins to Love Concert.
Bibi Zhou : In March 2015, she won a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Chinese Act.
Bibi Zhou : She attended Yuanling Elementary School, Gangxia Elementary School, Fuhua Elementary School, and Futian High School.
Bibi Zhou : In November 2014, she won an MTV Europe Music Award for Best Worldwide Act.
Bibi Zhou : Zhou Bichang (), born on July 26, 1985 in Changsha City, Hunan Province, also known as Bibi Zhou, is a Chinese singer, songwriter, and actress.
Robert A. Harris : The Academy Film Archive of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is home to the Robert A. Harris Collection, which consists of film, video tape, and audio material related to Harris' restoration work; it includes over 1,100 items.
Shiho Kawaragi : She joined a unit called Oeser Corps with Yu Urata, Sachi Matsumoto, Kōki Harasawa, Yukiko Takaguchi and Asami Yaguchi who co-starred in the anime "Fantastic Children".
Emi Fujita : Emi and Ryuji divorced in February 2007.
Anne Fontaine : Anne Fontaine (born Anne-Fontaine Sibertin-Blanc; 15 July 1959) is a Luxembourger film director, screenwriter, and former actress.
Anne Fontaine : It won the Best Screenplay award at the 1997 Venice Film Festival and is generally considered a milestone on Fontaine's way to becoming "an important figure in contemporary French cinema".
Sang Lan : Sang Lan (; born 11 June 1981 in Ningbo) is a former Chinese gymnast and television personality.
Sang Lan : She was an ambassador for Beijing's successful 2008 Olympics bid and was selected as an Olympic relay torchbearer.
Sang Lan : In New York City at the Goodwill Games in July 1998, during warmups for the vault event final, Sang fell while she was performing a timer (a simple vault, used by the athlete to familiarize herself with the apparatus and warm up).
Jessica Simpson : Jessica Ann Johnson (née Simpson; born July 10, 1980) is an American singer, actress, fashion designer, and author.
Alexandra Hedison : Hedison was selected by Barclays Capital for international sponsorship in 2008.
Alexandra Hedison : Hedison's work is represented in public and private collections worldwide, and her photographs have been shown in solo and group exhibitions in galleries and museums throughout the US and Europe, including Los Angeles, New York, and London.
Alexandra Hedison : In April 2014, Hedison married Jodie Foster, after dating for a year.
Alexandra Hedison : Alexandra Hedison (born July 10, 1969) is an American photographer, director, and actor.
Inès de La Fressange : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Inès de La Fressange : She also walked the Chanel spring-summer 2011 show.
Inès de La Fressange : Inès Marie Lætitia Églantine Isabelle de Seignard de La Fressange (] ; born 11 August 1957), is a French model, aristocrat, style icon, fashion designer and perfumer.
Shelly Moore : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shunza : In 1994, Moyan Records, a subsidiary of Rock Records, received one of her demo tapes, and consequently signed her to a record contract.
Shunza : Shunza (born 1973) is a Chinese–American singer-songwriter known for her "velvet" voice and love ballads.
Shunza : Upon graduating high school, Shunza studied at the School of Jazz and Contemporary Music in Lausanne, Switzerland EJMA – http://www.ejma.ch.
Shunza : At the age of three, she, her mother, and her older sister moved from Beijing to the San Francisco Bay Area as a result of divorce.
Li Meisu : Li Meisu (; born April 17, 1959 in Hebei) is a retired Chinese shot putter who won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Felicity Jones : In November, she was also announced as the new face of Dolce & Gabbana.
Felicity Jones : Their engagement was announced in May 2017, and the couple married in June 2018.
Felicity Jones : In 2013, Jones ended her relationship with sculptor Ed Fornieles, her boyfriend of ten years, whom she had met at Oxford when he was at the Ruskin School of Art.
Hyun Young : She gave birth to their first child on August 16, 2012.
Sandra Ng : She received the Best Actress Award at the 2003 Golden Horse Awards for her role as a prostitute in "Golden Chicken".
Emily Oster : Oster's research focuses generally on development economics and health.
Emily Oster : and Ph.D. from Harvard in 2002 and 2006 respectively, Oster taught at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
Emily Oster : In April 2008, Oster released a working paper "Hepatitis B Does Not Explain Male-Biased Sex Ratios in China" in which she evaluated new data, which showed that her original research was incorrect.
Ma Yanhong : Ma was a member of the 1979, 1981 and 1983 World Championships teams; she was the Chinese National Champion in 1982.
Ma Yanhong : She is inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 2008, and became the first Chinese women inductee of the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame.
Keiko Fujimori : After her father was arrested in Chile, Fujimori returned to Peru to run in the general elections.
Keiko Fujimori : She dropped out of Stony Brook University and later began studying at Boston University, alternating her life between her studies and the position as First Lady before later receiving her Bachelor of Business Administration in 1997.
Dilber Yunus : Dilber Yunus ( ; , Pinyin: Dílǐbàiěr Yóunǔsī; born October 2, 1958) is an Uyghur lyric soprano with coloratura technique.
Olivia Munn : Lisa Olivia Munn (born July 3, 1980) is an American actress and former television host.
Olivia Munn : Munn occasionally worked as an actress in the late 2000s as well, appearing in a lead role on the television series "Beyond the Break" from 2006 to 2009, as well as supporting parts in the comedy films "Big Stan" (2007) and "Date Night" (2010), the superhero film "Iron Man 2" (2010), and Steven Soderbergh's comedy-drama "Magic Mike" (2012).
Masami Tsuda : Since finishing "Kare Kano", she worked on the series "Chotto Edo Made" which appeared in "LaLa" from May 2008 through August 2011.
Emilia Rydberg : In 2009, she competed in Melodifestivalen, the Swedish national selection for Eurovision Song Contest, with the song "You're My World".
Emilia Rydberg : Rydberg was discovered in 1996 by Lars Anderson, son of ABBA's manager, Stig Anderson.
Emilia Rydberg : Hanna Emilia Rydberg-Mitiku, known simply as Emilia (born 5 January 1978), is a Swedish pop music and soul singer.
Caterina Murino : She studied drama at the Scuola di Cinema e Teatro run by Francesca De Sapio, between 1999 and 2000.
Chae Yeon : She has stated that although she felt awkward and uncomfortable with her sexy image initially, she feels more at ease now, and has stated that she feels sexier the more she relaxes.
Chae Yeon : Chae Yeon has maintained her popularity by continually participating in variety shows, such as SBS's "X-Man (TV series)" and "Love Letter", where she portrays both cute and sexy images.
Chae Yeon : Chae-yeon Lee ( ; born December 10, 1978), best-known mononymously as Chae Yeon, is a Korean pop singer who rose to fame with her hit single "Two of Us" ( ) in 2004 with her wave dance style.
Chae Yeon : On the reality-variety show, which also stars Hyun Young, the stars attempt to succeed in various tasks, including starring in a musical, becoming flight attendants, and performing action movie stunts.
Chae Yeon : Continuing to stay within the "sexy singer" concept, the lead single "Heundeullyeo" (""Shake"") is an electronic dance song.
Chae Yeon : Having passed an audition held by an entertainment management company in Japan, Chae Yeon first appeared on a popular show called "Uchan Nanchan no Urinari!"
Siv Jensen : Afterwards she enrolled in the Norwegian School of Economics, receiving her degree in business studies in 1992.
Dardenne brothers : In June 2012, the brothers were invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Dardenne brothers : The Dardennes had their first international success with "La Promesse" ("The Promise") in 1996.
Dardenne brothers : Brothers Jean-Pierre Dardenne (] ; born 21 April 1951) and Luc Dardenne (born 10 March 1954), collectively referred to as the Dardenne brothers, are a Belgian filmmaking duo.
Lavender Cheung : During the 2019 Chinese University of Hong Kong conflict, Cheung once represented the students and staff negotiating with the Hong Kong Police.
Rebecca Chan : Rebecca Chan Sau Chu (born October 20, 1958 in Hong Kong) is a TVB actress.
Alexa Chung : Alexa Chung (born 5 November 1983) is a British writer, television presenter, model, and fashion designer.
Alice Eve : Her left eye is blue and her right eye is green.
Alice Eve : She lives in London and Los Angeles.
Alice Eve : During her gap year, she studied at the Beverly Hills Playhouse and then read English at St Catherine's College, Oxford.
Alice Eve : Alice Sophia Eve (born 6 February 1982) is an English-American actress.
Jenna Dewan : Dewan is an animal rights activist and a vegan.
Jenna Dewan : On April 2, 2018, the couple announced that they were separating.
Jenna Dewan : Along with friends Reid Carolin, Adam Martingano, Brett Rodriguez and Channing Tatum, Dewan started a production company called 33andOut Productions.
Jenna Dewan : They married on July 11, 2009 in Malibu, California.
Emmy the Great : It spawned the singles "We Almost Had A Baby" and "First Love".
Emmy the Great : Moss and Ash singer Tim Wheeler collaborated on a Christmas album, "This Is Christmas", in 2011.
Emmy the Great : A British citizen through her father, she moved with her family to London at the age of 12 following the ending of Hong Kong as a British colony.
Emmy the Great : Emma-Lee Moss (born 4 November 1983), known by her stage name Emmy the Great, is an English singer-songwriter.
Melanie Reinhart : Melanie Reinhart is an astrologer and author based in the United Kingdom.
Melanie Reinhart : Her articles have been published in many journals, including Caduceus Magazine, Link-Up (no longer published), The Mountain Astrologer, Infinity Magazine and the Journal of the Astrological Association of Great Britain; she contributed to the anthology:
Melanie Reinhart : She has taught for several well-known astrological schools in the UK and abroad, including the Faculty of Astrological Studies, the Centre for Psychological Astrology, the London School of Astrology, and Astro*Synthesis.
Naomi Novik : In 2011 Novik wrote "Will Supervillains Be on the Final?
Naomi Novik : She studied English Literature at Brown University, and holds a master's degree in Computer Science from Columbia University.
Naomi Novik : She is a second-generation American; her father's family were Lithuanian Jews, and her mother's were Polish Catholics.
Naomi Novik : Novik is married to the entrepreneur and writer Charles Ardai.
Naomi Novik : She participated in the design and development of the computer game "", until she discovered that she preferred writing to game design.
Naomi Novik : In 2015, Novik published "Uprooted", a standalone novel "set in a fantasy world inspired by the Kingdom of Poland", which won the Nebula Award for Best Novel, the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel, and the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award.
Jane Kerr : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Chu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Chen Chu : Chen Chu or Kiku Chen (; born 10 June 1950) is the current President of the Control Yuan and Chair of the National Human Rights Commission.
Ágnes Keleti : In 1947, she won the Central European gymnastics title.
Ágnes Keleti : She continued training and competed at the Olympics for the first time at the age of 31 at the 1952 Games in Helsinki.
Dani Evans : Danielle "Dani" Evans (born June 4, 1985 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American model, crowned the winner of Cycle 6 of "America's Next Top Model" in the spring of 2006.
Lauren Faust : Lauren J. Faust (born July 25, 1974) is an American animator and writer, best known as the creator of the animated series "" for Hasbro, as well as for working frequently with her husband Craig McCracken.
Diana Haddad : Diana Haddad ( ; born 1 October 1966) is a Lebanese singer and television personality who also holds Emirati citizenship and is based in the United Arab Emirates.
Jutta Bauer : Born in Volksdorf, Hamburg, she studied at the Technical College of Design in Hamburg from 1975 to 1981 Afterward she worked as a children's book illustrator and as cartoonist for the women's magazine "Brigitte".
Kazuo Oga : The Museum of Contemporary Art, in Tokyo, Japan sponsored an exhibition called Kazuo Oga – The Man Who Drew Totoro's Forest from July 21, 2007 through September 30, 2007.
Golshifteh Farahani : In 2017, she appeared in the fantasy film "" as the sea witch Shansa.
Golshifteh Farahani : After Farahani's appearance in the U.S. film "Body of Lies", it was reported that government authorities had prevented her from leaving Iran, though this was denied by her colleagues, and she appeared at the movie's American premiere.
Golshifteh Farahani : Golshifteh Farahani ( , born 10 July 1983) is an Iranian actress.
Golshifteh Farahani : In January 2012, it was reported that Farahani would not be welcome in her homeland after posing nude in the French "Madame Figaro".
Michaela Conlin : She performed in her first play at the age of seven, and continued to appear on stage in numerous Pennsylvania community and regional productions.
Michaela Conlin : Conlin was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, to a Chinese mother, an accountant, and a father of Irish descent, a contractor.
Michaela Conlin : Michaela Conlin (born June 9, 1978) is an American actress, best known for her role as Angela Montenegro on the Fox crime procedural comedy-drama "Bones".
Michaela Conlin : In addition to her television work, Conlin portrayed Detective Heidi Sobel in the 2011 drama film "The Lincoln Lawyer".
Michaela Conlin : While working toward her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater, she appeared in several productions at the Atlantic Theater Company, the Playwrights Horizons Theater School, and Stonestreet Studios Conservatory, and she traveled to Amsterdam to study with the Experimental Theatre Wing's International Training Program.
Joanne Peh : Peh was in a high-profile relationship with radio deejay and celebrity Bobby Tonelli for four years, after they met on the set of "The Little Nyonya".
Joanne Peh : Her compelling portrayal of Yuzhu, the ill-fated girl with a heart of gold in "The Little Nyonya", earned her rave reviews, as well as a Best Actress award nod at the Star Awards 2009.
Ami Koshimizu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ami Koshimizu : She continued her career with roles in "School Rumble" (as Tenma Tsukamoto), "Onegai My Melody" (as Miki Sakurazuka), and "Eureka Seven" (as Anemone).
Kim Hyon-hui : During the 2013 Korean crisis, Kim suggested on Australian television that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was too young and inexperienced, was "struggling to gain complete control over the military and to win their loyalty."
Jennifer Serrano : Jennifer Serrano, better known as Jenny, is a Spanish singer.
He Qinglian : Her book "Media Control in China" ( ) was published online in Chinese (with an English language summary) by "Human Rights in China" in 2004 and serialized on the website of a scholarly Chinese language quarterly based in New Jersey, "Modern China Studies" ( ).
He Qinglian : He Qinglian () is a Chinese author and economist, most prominently known for her critical view of Chinese society and media controls in China.
Wang Wenyi : Dr. Wang Wenyi (; born 26 October 1958 in Changchun, Jilin, China) is a pathologist who once worked as a journalist for "The Epoch Times".
Tsuneko Okazaki : In 2015, Nagoya University created the Tsuneko and Reiji Okazaki Award, "in honor of the spirit and legacy of Professors Okazaki."
Princess Sarvath al-Hassan : She first met Prince Hassan in London in 1958, when they were both 11 years old.
Joachim Nerz : Nerz has described several new species, mostly with Andreas Wistuba.
Charmaine Li : Charmaine Li (born January 8, 1983) is an actress, model, business owner, and spokesperson in the Hong Kong entertainment industry.
Charmaine Li : Li and her husband Ricky Fan co-invested in an online diamond business.
Li Bingbing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Li Bingbing : Li Bingbing was born in Wuchang, Heilongjiang.
Joi Chua : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Daína Chaviano : Daína Chaviano (] ) (born in Havana, Cuba, in 1957) is a Cuban-American writer of French and Asturian descent living in the United States since 1991.
Daína Chaviano : "The Island of Eternal Love" has been published in 26 languages, making it the most widely translated Cuban novel of all time.
Lisa Batiashvili : Elisabeth Batiashvili (Georgian: ; born 7 March 1979), professionally known as Lisa Batiashvili, is a prominent Georgian violinist active across Europe and the United States.
Sara Jean Underwood : Her first job was assisting in sales of heavy construction equipment.
Sara Jean Underwood : Underwood was a schoolmate of American football player Derek Anderson.
Sara Jean Underwood : Underwood had a two-year on-off relationship with television presenter Ryan Seacrest.
Sara Jean Underwood : She worked in the Beaverton, Oregon branch of the Hooters chain of restaurants.
Sara Jean Underwood : In March 2008, Playboy magazine ranked her at #25 on their "25 Hottest Playboy Celebrities" list.
Sara Jean Underwood : An avid practitioner of yoga, Underwood competed in the eighth "Kunoichi" competition in Japan, known in the U.S. as "Women of Ninja Warrior".
Sara Jean Underwood : She graduated from Scappoose High School in Scappoose, Oregon in 2002.
Sara Jean Underwood : She next appeared in the magazine in July 2006, as the Playmate of the Month.
Mai Yamani : Mai Yamani ( ; born 6 September 1956) is an independent Saudi scholar, author and anthropologist.
Nazanin Fatehi : It really is time for the international community to put those issues right at the top of the agenda", said Alex Neve, Secretary General of Amnesty International Canada.
Nazanin Fatehi : "I think cases like this are illustrative of the fact there is a serious human rights crisis in Iran; the death penalty, discrimination against women and a whole host of other concerns.
Nazanin Fatehi : Musician, activist, and former Iranian Miss World Canada Nazanin Afshin-Jam initiated an appeal, the "Save Nazanin Campaign", starting a petition that attracted more than 350,000 signatures worldwide (January 2007), in an effort to save Fatehi's life.
Nazanin Fatehi : Nazanin (Mahabad) Fatehi ( , born 1987) is an Iranian woman who was sentenced to death for stabbing a man who allegedly tried to rape her and her 15-year-old niece, events occurring when she herself was a 17-year-old.
Nazanin Fatehi : Nazanin Fatehi, as reported in the Iranian daily "Etemaad", was 17 years old at the time of these events; she and her 15-year-old niece were traveling in a secluded park area near Karaj, their home, west of Tehran; there, per the "Amnesty International" description of the case, a "group of youths surrounded the girls and tried to rape them".
Lydia Hearst : Lydia Marie Hearst-Shaw (born September 19, 1984) is an American fashion model, actress, and lifestyle blogger.
Lydia Hearst : Hearst served alongside Anne Vyalitsyna and Naomi Campbell as a supermodel coach for the second edition of Oxygen's "The Face" modeling reality competition.
Atsuko Enomoto : She was affiliated with talent agency 81 Produce until 2015.
Sirikitiya Jensen : Than Phu Ying Sirikitiya Jensen ( , born March 18, 1985), or Sirikittiya Mai Jensen ( ; ), born Mai Jensen ( ), is a granddaughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand and a niece of King Vajiralongkorn of Thailand.
Lori Nichol : <templatestyles src="Div col/styles.css"/>
Motofumi Kobayashi : "Works about the Vietnam War:"
Motofumi Kobayashi : <templatestyles src="Refbegin/styles.css" />
Deborah Rush : In December 2008, she joined the cast of the Broadway revival of "Blithe Spirit".
Deborah Rush : In 2003 she acted in the comedy film "American Wedding", as Mary Flaherty, Michelle Flaherty's mom.
Marissa Mayer : Marissa Ann Mayer ( ; born May 30, 1975) is an American businesswoman and investor.
Marissa Mayer : The company is based in Palo Alto and is focused on artificial intelligence and consumer media.
Aoi Tada : In March 2005, she signed on to Moon-Bunny Entertainment and began her singer-songwriting career.
Baek Ji-young : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Baek Ji-young : On November 21, 2009, Baek won Best Female Solo Artist at Mnet Asian Music Awards.
Sonija Kwok : Kwok is married to a Chinese martial arts choreographer called Zhu Shaojie (朱少杰) organized in Guam in 2011.
Sonija Kwok : On 24 March 2009, Kwok was attacked by her maid, who bit her arm, pulled her hair and held a knife to her neck.
Sharon Chan : Sharon Chan (born 17 January 1979) is a Hong Kong actress and model.
Lily Allen : She is the daughter of actor Keith Allen and film producer Alison Owen.
Lily Allen : Allen attended 13 schools, including Prince Charles's junior alma mater, Hill House School, Millfield, Bedales School and was expelled from several of them for drinking and smoking.
Genelia D'Souza : Ya Jaane Na".
Vincy Chan : Born in Hong Kong, Chan immigrated with her family to Singapore in 1990.
Hillary Clinton : scope="col" style="width: 3.5em"|±%
Adrianne Palicki : She has an older brother, Eric, a comic book writer who influenced her interest in comics.
Nani : <templatestyles src="Dmbox/styles.css" />
Kirsten Vangsness : Vangsness got involved in acting as a child to help overcome shyness and got her first big break in the theatre, where she won several awards, including the 15 Minutes of Female Best Actress Award, the Los Angeles Drama Critics Award for Best Emerging Comic Actress, and the Golden Betty Award.
Kirsten Vangsness : She graduated from Cerritos High School in June 1990 and attended Cypress College in Cypress, California.
Cherrie Ying : Ting married actor and singer Jordan Chan on 14 February 2010 (Valentine's Day) at 12:30pm.
Cherrie Ying : Ting Man (born 20 June 1983), better known by her stage names Cherrie Ying or Ying Choi-yi, is a Taiwan-born Hong Kong actress.
Danielle Lloyd : Danielle Lloyd (formerly O'Hara; born 16 December 1983) is an English glamour model and television personality.
Mami Kawada : Rock".
Mami Kawada : Her song "Believe in the sky", which is used as the theme song to the 2016 smartphone game "Ao no Kanata no Four Rhythm: Eternal Sky", was released in an "AoKana" vocal album on May 1, 2016, A final compilation album titled "Mami Kawada Best "F"" was released on November 22, 2016; the limited edition includes three Blu-ray discs featuring her music videos, a video recording of her final concert, and a documentary on her career and final concert.
Sally Hawkins : Hawkins revealed in a January 2018 interview that she suffers from lupus.
Sally Hawkins : Sally Cecilia Hawkins (born 27 April 1976) is an English actress.
Sally Hawkins : She is the recipient of numerous accolades including a Golden Globe Award and the Silver Bear for Best Actress, and has been nominated for two Academy Awards.
Rosaly Lopes : Selected documentaries and TV shows include:
Rosaly Lopes : Rosaly M. C. Lopes (born 8 January 1957) is a planetary geologist, volcanologist, an author of numerous scientific papers and several books, as well as a proponent of education.
Shin Ji : Shin Ji (born Lee Ji-Seon on 18 November 1981) is a South Korean singer, lyricist and actress.
Verona Pooth : Verona Pooth (née Feldbusch; born 30 April 1968) is a German television personality, model, and occasional actress.
Maki Horikita : On February 28, 2017, she announced her retirement from the entertainment industry.
Robert Cantley : As of 2011, Borneo Exotics operated a number of growing facilities spread over two locations: lowland species were kept at a nursery in Moragahahena and highlanders in Lindula.
Robert Cantley : Robert Cantley is a conservationist and Managing Director of Borneo Exotics, a Sri Lankan-based plant nursery specialising in tissue-cultured and seed-grown "Nepenthes" species and hybrids.
Hyung Min-woo : Hyung Min-woo (born 14 April 1974) is a South Korean manhwa artist best known for "Priest".
Chisato Moritaka : On 25 May 2012, Moritaka celebrated her 25th anniversary by renewing her official website and opening new accounts on YouTube, Facebook, and Google+.
Andrea Arnold : She was born when her mother was only 16 years old and her father was 17, and they separated when she was very young.
Andrea Arnold : In 2013 she was named as a member of the jury at the 70th Venice International Film Festival.
Paula DeAnda : She attended Mary Carroll High School.
Paula DeAnda : DeAnda has cited Jo Dee Messina, Shania Twain, Aaliyah, LeAnn Rimes, and Selena as major musical influences.
Paula DeAnda : Paula Dacia DeAnda (born November 3, 1989) is an American singer and songwriter.
Vanessa Hessler : Vanessa Hessler (born January 21, 1988) is an Italian model and actress.
Emma Thomas : Aside from producing films, Thomas worked as a script supervisor throughout the 1990s, and was an assistant to director Stephen Frears on "High Fidelity" (2000).
Emma Thomas : She graduated from University College London, where she met Christopher Nolan, her future husband.
Weili Dai : She has a bachelor's degree in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley.
Barbie Hsu : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary Goode : In May 2012, together with Audrey O'Flynn and Gillian Pinder, Goode was a member of the Hermes team that won the Women's EuroHockey Club Champion's Challenge I.
Carlos Tenorio : Carlos Vicente Tenorio Medina (born 14 May 1979) is an Ecuadorian footballer who currently plays for Ecuadorian club Atlético Saquisilí.
Joe Chen : Joe Chen or Chen Chiao-en (; born 4 April 1979) is a Taiwanese actress, singer and television host.
Joe Chen : In 2008, Joe starred in "Fated to Love You" opposite Ethan Juan, which beat Joe's previous drama, "The Prince Who Turns into a Frog" to become the highest rated Taiwanese idol drama.
Lynn Chen : Her mother is an opera singer and father was the founding president of The Kunqu Society, Inc. She has one brother; he is also in the music field.
Clarisa Fernández : Clarisa Fernández (born 28 August 1981) is a retired Argentine tennis player.
Yang Wenyi : After retirement, she owned "Jinyi Sports Promotion Ltd", holding sports contests and running "Yang Wenyi Swimming Club".
Yang Wenyi : Yang Wenyi (; born January 11, 1972 in Shanghai) is a former freestyle and backstroke swimmer from China, whose best performance was winning the gold medal in the 50 m freestyle at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Jiang Qinqin : Jiang started learning Beijing Opera at the age of 10 and entered the Beijing Film Academy in 1994 after attaining first place in the entrance examination.
Liu Tao : Liu Tao (, born 12 July 1978) is a Chinese actress from Nanchang, Jiangxi.
Liu Tao : Liu's subsequent performance as a capable career woman and housewife in acclaimed melodrama "To Elderly With Love" (2013) garnered her the Best Actress award at the China TV Golden Eagle Award and the Best Performing Arts Award at the China Golden Eagle TV Arts Festival.
Yūko Sanpei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yūko Sanpei : After leaving the theater company Wakakusa around May 2007, she went to Production Baobab on November 1 of the same year after a freelance period.
Helena Mattsson : In 2007, she starred in "Species: The Awakening", where she portrayed Miranda, an alien/human hybrid.
Sasha Pivovarova : Aleksandra Igorevna Pivovarova ( ; born 21 January 1985), is a Russian top model and actress.
Vlada Roslyakova : Elena Vladimirovna Roslyakova ( ; 8 July 1987) is a Russian model.
Emmanuelle Gagliardi : Emmanuelle Gagliardi (born 9 July 1976) is a retired professional Swiss tennis player.
Wang Shu-hui : Wang Shu-hui (; born 2 December 1955) is a former legislator for the Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan.
Keith Sonnier : Keith Sonnier (July 31, 1941 – July 18, 2020) was a postminimalist sculptor, performance artist, video and light artist.
Kangana Ranaut : Kangana Ranaut (] ; born 23 March 1987) is an Indian actress and filmmaker who works in Hindi films.
Paula Taylor : Punlapa Margaret Taylor (January 20, 1983), also known as Paula Taylor ( ) or Thai name Punlapa Supa-aksorn ( ; ), is a Thai of British descent actress, model, and presenter.
Paula Taylor : They have a daughter, Lyla Jane Buttery (born on May 18, 2011 in the UK), a son, Luca Christopher Buttery (born in 2015 in the UK) and daughter, Louella Louise Buttery (born April 2018).
Paula Taylor : In Leg 10, however, which was in Hungary, they came last for the second time, leading them to be the 6th eliminated pair.
Paula Taylor : She grew up in Perth, Western Australia and at the age of 9, after her parents' divorce, moved to Brisbane, Queensland.
Paula Taylor : In 2009 she landed the starring role in a film starring Filipino comedian Vic Sotto in "Love On Line" where she plays a version of herself.
Julia Vakulenko : At the 2006 French Open, Vakulenko reached the third round.
Julia Vakulenko : At Wimbledon 2006, she withdrew during the first round due to injury.
Julia Vakulenko : In April, 2008, Vakulenko renounced her Ukrainian citizenship, and then announced her decision to acquire the citizenship of Spain where she's lived for the last 10 years.
Julia Vakulenko : After changing of her citizenship from Ukraine to Spain in April 2008, she planned to play for Spain in the Fed Cup, but wasn't able to compete in the 2008 Olympics due to lack of time to be included in Spain's application.
Julia Vakulenko : Julia Olegovna Vakulenko ( ; born July 10, 1983 in Yalta) — is a Ukraine-born female tennis player.
Julia Vakulenko : On 28 August 2007, in the first round of the US Open, Julia defeated ninth seed Daniela Hantuchová, 6–4, 3–6, 6–1.
Julia Vakulenko : 3, Amélie Mauresmo, at the German Open in Berlin 2–6, 6–1, 6–2 (her career best) and then defeated Dinara Safina 6–3, 5–7, 6–3, before retiring in the first set in the semifinals to eventual champion Ana Ivanovic due to an injury.
Shenay Perry : Shenay Perry (born July 6, 1984) is a retired tennis player from the U.S. She is the current coach of professional tennis player Kristie Ahn.
Aravane Rezaï : Aravane Rezaï (] ; "Arghavān-e Rezāyi" ] , born 14 March 1987) is an Iranian–French tennis player.
Rahima Banu : Rahima Banu Begum ( ; born 16 October 1972) is the last known person to have been infected with naturally occurring "Variola major" smallpox, the more deadly variety of the disease.
Rahima Banu : In an interview in 2009, Banu said she had four children after marrying a farmer at the age of 18.
Taylor Swift : Taylor Alison Swift was born on December 13, 1989, in West Reading, Pennsylvania.
Taylor Swift : Swift's philanthropic efforts have been recognized by the Do Something Awards and the Tennessee Disaster Services.
Taylor Swift : Swift won other awards for "Speak Now", including Songwriter/Artist of the Year by the Nashville Songwriters Association (2010 and 2011), Woman of the Year by "Billboard" (2011), and Entertainer of the Year by the Academy of Country Music (2011 and 2012) and the Country Music Association in 2011.
Taylor Swift : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Taylor Swift : Swift has won 11 Grammy Awards (including three Album of the Year wins—the most for a female artist), an Emmy Award, 32 American Music Awards (most wins by an artist), 23 "Billboard" Music Awards (most wins by a female artist), 28 Guinness World Records, 12 Country Music Association Awards (including the Pinnacle Award), eight Academy of Country Music Awards, and a Brit Award.
Lovefoxxx : Luísa Hanae Matsushita (born February 25, 1984), known by her stage name Lovefoxxx, is the lead singer of the Brazilian indie band Cansei de Ser Sexy (CSS).
Lee Ha-na : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kaira Gong : Kaira Gong (, born 25 July 1981 in Singapore) is a Singaporean singer whose family is of Shanghainese descent.
Alizé Cornet : Alizé Cornet (] ; born 22 January 1990) is a French professional tennis player.
Květa Peschke : Květoslava Peschke (née Hrdličková; born 9 July 1975) is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
Vania King : Vania King (born February 3, 1989) is a Taiwanese-American tennis player.
Vania King : In 2009, she reached the mixed-doubles final at the French Open alongside Brazilian player Marcelo Melo, losing to top seeds Liezel Huber/Bob Bryan.
Layla Kayleigh : In addition to once hosting MTV2 in Britain and ABC's football halftime show, Kayleigh was once a correspondent for Al Gore's "Current TV" but was fired after doing an interview and photoshoot with "Maxim Magazine".
Danneel Ackles : Harris became engaged to "Supernatural" actor Jensen Ackles in November 2009 and the couple married on May 15, 2010, in Dallas, Texas.
Danneel Ackles : Elta Danneel Graul was born in Lafayette, Louisiana, and was raised in the small town of Eunice in St. Landry Parish.
Joyce Banda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Joyce Banda : She is sister to Anjimile Oponyo, former CEO of the Raising Malawi Academy for Girls, financed by Madonna.
Joyce Banda : Joyce Banda is the founder and leader of the People's Party, formed in 2011 after Banda was expelled from the ruling DPP when she refused to endorse President Mutharika's younger brother Peter Mutharika as the successor to the presidency for the 2014 general election.
Gabriela Montero : From her first contact with a piano, Montero has always improvised and she decided to make it public at the behest of Martha Argerich, who told her not to be afraid whether people would find it improper or not.
Gabriela Montero : Gabriela Montero (born May 10, 1970) is a Venezuelan pianist, known in particular for her real-time improvisation of complex musical pieces on themes suggested by her audience and other sources, as well as for performances of standard classical repertoire.
Kellyanne Conway : In October 2020, Conway's daughter revealed on social media that her mother had tested positive for COVID-19.
Kellyanne Conway : Since Trump's inauguration, Conway has been embroiled in a series of controversies: using the phrase "alternative facts" to describe fictitious and disproven attendance numbers for Trump's inauguration; speaking multiple times of a "Bowling Green massacre" that never occurred; and claiming that Michael Flynn had the full confidence of the president hours before he was dismissed.
Kellyanne Conway : She earned a Juris Doctor with honors from the George Washington University Law School in 1992.
Kellyanne Conway : She was previously Trump's campaign manager, having been appointed in August 2016; Conway is the first woman to have run a successful U.S. presidential campaign.
Nikki Benz : Benz signed a contract with TeraVision in September 2005.
Nikki Benz : Benz has made several appearances on the FoxSports.com show "Cubed", playing a wise-cracking, sports-savvy cleaning lady.
Nikki Benz : Benz was born in Mariupol, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union; her father's family was Canadian.
Nikki Benz : Nikki Benz (born December 11, 1981) is a Ukrainian-born Canadian pornographic actress.
Nikki Benz : She hosted a show on KSEX called "Contract Superstars" alongside Lacie Heart, Ashley Steele, Stormy Daniels, and Tyler Faith but quit citing "time constraints".
Janina Gavankar : Gavankar was born in Joliet, Illinois, to Peter Ganesh Gavankar, an engineer from Mumbai, who first traveled to the U.S. to pursue a master's degree, and Mohra Gavankar, from Pune, Maharashtra, who also emigrated to the U.S. from India.
Yumiko Ōshima : She received the 1978 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo for "The Star of Cottonland", and the 2008 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize Short Story Award for "Cher Gou-Gou...mon petit chat, mon petit ami," a short story in the ongoing series "Gū-gū datte Neko de aru".
Freya Lim : In 2002, Lim graduated from University of Washington Seattle majoring in Psychology.
Freya Lim : Freya Lim (; born 20 November 1979), also known as Freya Lin, is a Malaysian Mandopop singer and radio deejay based in Taiwan.
Yuri Ebihara : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Hilary Mantel : Dame Hilary Mary Mantel, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; née Thompson; born 6 July 1952) is an English writer whose work includes historical fiction, personal memoirs and short stories.
Margherita Buy : Her 1991 marriage with Sergio Rubini ended by the mid-1990s.
Gabby Giffords : She attended President Obama's 2012 State of the Union Address on January 24, and formally submitted her resignation on January 25.
Priti Patel : It is quite extraordinary.
Priti Patel : She first joined the Conservative Party as a teenager, when John Major was prime minister.
Priti Patel : Together, they have a son, who was born in August 2008.
Priti Patel : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Priti Patel : In September, Patel announced that the UK would contribute £1.1 billion to a global aid fund used to combat malaria, tuberculosis, and HIV/AIDS, and added that any further aid deals would include "performance agreements" meaning that the British Government could reduce aid by 10% if specific criteria were not met by the recipient country.
Priti Patel : Patel openly supported Theresa May as his successor, stating that she had the "strength and experience" for the job, while arguing that May's main challenger Andrea Leadsom would prove too divisive to win a general election.
Priti Patel : Patel has also campaigned with the drinks industry, holding a reception in parliament for the "Call Time On Duty Campaign" in favour of ending the alcohol duty supertax (known as the escalator), a tax opposed by the Wine and Spirit Trade Association, the Scotch Whisky Association and the TaxPayers' Alliance.
Pratibha Patil : Patil was announced as the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) candidate on 14 June 2007.
Katharine Jefferts Schori : Jefferts Schori attended school in New Jersey, then earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from Stanford University in 1974, a Master of Science degree in oceanography in 1977, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1983, also in oceanography, from Oregon State University.
Tiffany Lam : After winning the Miss Hong Kong title, Lam became an ambassador for Hong Kong, representing Hong Kong at the Miss Chinese International Pageant 2003 in January 2003, where she finished second behind Rachel Tan of Kuala Lumpur.
Rebecca Mader : Mader was born in 1977 in Cambridge, England.
Rebecca Mader : She worked as a model in New York City for a year, appearing in adverts for L'Oréal, Colgate and Wella Hair.
Rebecca Mader : Rebecca Leigh Mader (born 24 April 1977) is an English actress, best known for her roles as Charlotte Lewis in the ABC series "Lost", and as Zelena, the Wicked Witch of the West, on ABC's "Once Upon a Time", for which she garnered critical acclaim.
Lynne Reid Banks : Lynne Reid Banks (born 31 July 1929) is a British author of books for children and adults.
Lynne Reid Banks : Although the family returned to England in 1971, the influence of her time in Israel can be seen in some of her books (including "One More River" and its sequel, "Broken Bridge" - and other books such as "An End to Running" and "Children at the Gate") which are set partially or mainly on kibbutzim.
Lynne Reid Banks : She has written forty-five books, including the best-selling children's novel "The Indian in the Cupboard", which has sold over 10 million copies and has been successfully adapted to film.
Fala Chen : She graduated in May 2018.
Fala Chen : Chen's first Canto-pop debut album, "Beautiful Life", was released on 31 July 2012.
Flossie Wong-Staal : She was co-founder and, after retiring from UCSD, she became the chief scientific officer of Immusol, which was renamed iTherX Pharmaceuticals in 2007 when it transitioned to a drug development company focused on hepatitis C and continued as chief scientific officer.
Keiko Takemiya : During her tenure at Kyoto Seika, Takemiya started the project, which uses digital technology to create accurate reproductions of manga artwork and manuscripts, for both its preservation and to produce material suitable for art exhibitions, with a focus on "shōjo"' manga art.
Satomi Akesaka : On June 30, 2018, it was announced that Akesaka would retire from singing due to sudden hearing loss and formally "graduated" from her band Roselia on September 17, 2018.
Gloria Yip : Yip also completed a master's degree in fine arts at Australia's RMIT University in 2013.
Ryoko Yamagishi : Ryoko Yamagishi was born on September 24, 1947, in Kamisunagawa, Hokkaido, Japan.
Ryoko Yamagishi : She worked on "Terpsichora", which was nominated for the 9th annual Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2005 and won the 11th annual Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2007.
Peng Zhaoqin : Peng Zhaoqin (; born 8 May 1968 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese-born Dutch chess player, who has the FIDE title of Grandmaster, which was awarded in October 2004.
Li Xuemei : Quartet composed of Xiao Lin, Li Yali, Liu Xiaomei and Li Xuemei won the 4 x 100m relay in 42.23s, showing Sichuan's supremacy in women sprinting events.
Marguerite MacIntyre : MacIntyre holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Southern California, and studied acting at London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Candace Kroslak : She also appeared on the cover of the April 2011 and 2013 issue covers of "Runner's World" magazine.
Candace Kroslak : In the last few years she has had guest roles on such television series as "", "What About Brian", "Shark", "Las Vegas", "How I Met Your Mother" and "Scrubs".
Candace Kroslak : Kroslak was born in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, of Slovak descent.
Leanne Li : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mireya Luis : Alejandrina Mireya Luis Hernández, often referred to as Mireya (born August 25, 1967 in Camagüey) is a retired Cuban volleyball player.
Jiang Yonghua : Jiang Yonghua (; born September 7, 1973 in Jixi, Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese track cyclist.
Helena Sheehan : Sheehan is Professor Emeritus at Dublin City University, where she taught media studies and history of ideas in the School of Communications.
Mariela Castro : Castro has published 13 scholarly articles and nine books.
Mariela Castro : In 2005, Castro proposed a project to allow transgender people to receive sex reassignment surgery and change their legal gender.
Mariela Castro : Mariela Castro Espín (born 27 July 1962) is the director of the Cuban National Center for Sex Education in Havana, as well as the National Commission for Comprehensive Attention to Transsexual People, and an activist for LGBT rights in Cuba.
Mariela Castro : She is also president of the Cuban Multidisciplinary Centre for the Study of Sexuality, president of the National Commission for Treatment of Disturbances of Gender Identity, member of the Direct Action Group for Preventing, Confronting, and Combatting AIDS, an executive member of the World Association for Sexual Health (WAS), and the director of the journal "Sexología y Sociedad", a magazine of Sexology edited by CENESEX.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands : Bethanie Lynn Mattek-Sands (née Mattek; born March 23, 1985) is an American professional tennis player.
Rika Fujiwara : At the 2002 Australian Open, Fujiwara partnered with Shinobu Asagoe and advanced to the quarterfinals, where they lost against eventual champions Martina Hingis and Anna Kournikova.
Angelina Jolie : Absolutely!
Angelina Jolie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Angelina Jolie : After a two-month courtship, Jolie married actor Billy Bob Thornton on May 5, 2000, in Las Vegas.
Maïwenn : Maïwenn Le Besco (] ; born 17 April 1976), known mononymously as Maïwenn, is a French actress and filmmaker.
Piet de Zwarte : Pieter ("Piet") Karel de Zwarte (born February 16, 1948 in Renkum) is a former Dutch water polo player, who won the bronze medal with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Piet de Zwarte : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Charlie Yeung : Charlie Yeung Choi-Nei (born May 23, 1974), sometimes spelled Charlie Young, is a Hong Kong actress, singer and film director.
Charlie Yeung : At the height of her popularity in 1997, however, she called it quits and retired from the industry to start an image consultant business with her Singaporean lawyer-boyfriend in Malaysia.
Ewa Kopacz : Kopacz became Prime Minister on 22 September 2014, succeeding Donald Tusk; she is the second woman to hold the office after Hanna Suchocka.
Ewa Kopacz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Ellen Chan : Ellen Chan Ar-Lun (, born February 16, 1966) is a Hong Kong actress and singer who has appeared in a number of Hong Kong film productions.
Hélène Ségara : In August 2003, Ségara married Mathieu Lecat (son of journalist Didier Lecat) in Ajaccio, with whom she had two further children: Matteo and Maïa.
Hélène Ségara : After her recovery, she recorded her second album, "Au Nom d'une femme" in 2000 which topped the charts in France.
Hélène Ségara : Hélène Ségara (] ; born Hélène Aurore Alice Rizzo on 26 February 1971) is a French singer who came to prominence playing the role of Esmeralda in the French musical "Notre Dame de Paris".
Maria Cordero : Her eldest son Alfonso Bibi Cordero () is a member of the Hong Kong Hockey Team which won the bronze medal in the 2009 East Asian Games.
Maria Cordero : Cordero has been married twice and was married to her second spouse Rick da Silva from 1999 until his death on November 5, 2020.
Maria Cordero : Maria Cordero, MH (肥媽瑪俐亞; Fat Mama Maria) is a singer, actress, TV Host and DJ from Hong Kong.
Michelle Cameron : Michelle A. Cameron-Coulter, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born December 28, 1962 in Calgary, Alberta) was a Canadian Olympic synchronized swimmer, and former world champion.
Elsa Pataky : In addition to Spanish and Romanian, she is fluent in English, Italian, Portuguese, and French.
Elsa Pataky : In March 2007, "Interviu" magazine, owned by the Zeta, published topless photos of Pataky that had been taken with a long lens while Pataky was changing clothes during a photoshoot for "Elle" magazine.
Elsa Pataky : Pataky was born Elsa Lafuente Medianu in Madrid, Spain, the daughter of José Francisco Lafuente, a Spanish biochemist, and Cristina Medianu Pataky, a Romanian publicist.
Elsa Pataky : They have three children together: a daughter, India Rose, born in May 2012, and twin sons, Tristan and Sasha, born in March 2014.
Akimi Yoshida : She is a three time recipient of the Shogakukan Manga Award – for "Kisshō Tennyo" in 1983 and for "Yasha" in 2001, both in the (girls') manga category, and for "Umimachi Diary" in 2015 in the general manga category.
Akimi Yoshida : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Stana Katic : She speaks English, Serbo-Croatian, French, Italian and Slovenian fluently.
Stana Katic : At the third annual Shorty Awards held on 28 March 2011, she won the actress category.
Stana Katic : In 2008, Katic established her own production company, Sine Timore Productions, which is Latin for "without fear".
Stana Katic : In the summer of 2010, Katic filmed "For Lovers Only" with the Polish brothers in France and "The Double" with Richard Gere.
Stana Katic : In August 2008, ABC announced acquisition of the television series "Castle", starring Katic as Kate Beckett and Nathan Fillion as Richard Castle.
Ruth Negga : Negga studied at the Samuel Beckett Centre at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating with a BA in Acting Studies.
Ruth Negga : Negga was born in 1982 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to an Irish mother, Nora, and an Ethiopian father, Dr Negga.
Ruth Negga : For her portrayal of Mildred Loving in "Loving", Negga was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama, Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead, Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Actress, and she was nominated for the BAFTA Rising Star Award.
Yōka Wao : The movie premiered in Japan on 22 December 2007.
Yōka Wao : While having her second concert ("New Yoka ～Rockin' Broadway～") at Tokyo in August 2007, she was the guest star for Russell Watson's concert at Tokyo later on.
Gong Beibi : She can speak Mandarin, Taiwanese (Hokkien), and English.
Gong Beibi : Gong Beibi () (born February 21, 1978 in Fujian, China) is a Chinese film and television actress.
Gong Beibi : After graduating, she continued diversifying her roles with different projects, including starring and executive producing "Bus 44", which gained her critical acclaim in China, Europe, and North America where it premiered and won awards at the Venice Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival and Cannes Film Festival.
Gong Beibi : Gong's 2007 Chinese holiday ensemble comedy "Call for Love" was a success at the box office, she followed up with a special appearance in "Connected" the Hong Kong action film remake of "Cellular".
Gong Beibi : Gong Beibi was next seen in several back-to-back TV series in China, most notably "The Legend of Qin" in 2015, and "Ice Fantasy" based on "Guo Jingming" popular fantasy novel, in 2016.
Gong Beibi : In 2011, Gong starred alongside Academy Award winner Kevin Spacey and Daniel Wu in the dramedy/psychological suspense "Inseparable".
Chân Không : The first three women chose to live celibate lives like nuns, although they didn't shave their heads, while the three men chose to marry and practice as lay Buddhists.
Chân Không : In 2014, for the first time in history major Anglican, Catholic, and Orthodox Christian leaders, as well as Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, and Buddhist leaders (including Chân Không, representing Thích Nhất Hạnh), met to sign a shared commitment against modern-day slavery; the declaration they signed calls for the elimination of slavery and human trafficking by the year 2020.
Chân Không : She was also involved in political action, becoming the student leader at the University, spending much of her time helping the poor and sick in the slums of the city.
Akiko Itoyama : After graduation from Shinjuku High School and Waseda University, she worked as a saleswoman for a major household equipment company and, as is common in Japanese corporate life, was transferred several times to various localities.
Danna García : Danna María García Osuna (born February 4, 1978) is a Colombian actress and model best known for playing main roles in telenovelas in Colombia, Mexico and the US.
Claire Voisin : They have five children.
Claire Voisin : Claire Voisin (born 4 March 1962) is a French mathematician known for her work in algebraic geometry.
Claire Voisin : She is noted for her work in algebraic geometry particularly as it pertains to variations of Hodge structures and mirror symmetry, and has written several books on Hodge theory.
Claire Voisin : Voisin won the European Mathematical Society Prize in 1992 and the Servant Prize awarded by the Academy of Sciences in 1996.
Chiaki Kon : She then directed "Golden Time" in 2013.
Chiaki Kon : After graduating from Yoyogi Animation Academy, Kon interned at Pierrot, under anime director Jun Kamiya.
Tiggy : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Olesya Rulin : Olesya Yurivna Rulina ( ; born March 17, 1986) is a Russian-American actress.
Ra Kyung-min : Ra Kyung-min (; born 25 November 1976) is a badminton player from South Korea.
Ra Kyung-min : She married her mixed doubles partner Kim on 25 December 2005, and they went to Canada to study.
Yu Todoroki : Yu Todoroki (轟 悠 "Todoroki Yū") is a current member of Takarazuka Revue, where she plays an otokoyaku.
Yu Todoroki : She joined the Revue in 1985, became the top star of Snow Troupe in 1997, transferred to Superior Members in 2002 (upon the resignation of her top star partner Hitomi Tsukikage) and became the youngest member to serve on the company's board of directors in 2003.
Peggy Zina : Panagiota-Calliope Chrysicopoulou ( ; born 8 March 1975), known professionally as Peggy Zina ( ), is a Greek singer.
Takako Nishizaki : Takako Nishizaki (born 14 April 1944) is a Japanese violinist.
Takako Nishizaki : Nishizaki's recording of Vivaldi's "Four Seasons" has sold over a million copies.
Takako Nishizaki : In 1966, she was awarded Juilliard's Fritz Kreisler Scholarship.
Takako Nishizaki : Nishizaki is married to the Naxos label owner Klaus Heymann, and teaches violin in Hong Kong, where she was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star in 2003 for her work in classical music and charity.
Takako Nishizaki : In 1969, she won first prize in the Juilliard Concerto Competition performing Mozart’s Sinfonia Concertante with violist Nobuko Imai.
Dina Dublon : She is the recipient of many awards and honors, and was included on "Fortune" magazine's list of the “50 Most Powerful Women in American Business.” She has also received The International Center in New York's Award of Excellence.
Valentina Lisitsa : She started playing the piano at the age of three, performing her first solo recital at the age of four.
Valentina Lisitsa : Lisitsa has recorded six CDs for Audiofon Records, including three solo CDs and two discs of duets with her husband Alexei Kuznetsoff; a Gold CD for CiscoMusic label with cellist DeRosa; a duet recital on VAI label with violinist Ida Haendel; and DVDs of Frédéric Chopin's 24 Études and Schubert-Liszt "Schwanengesang".
Zhou Xun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Zhou Xun : On 23 December 2020, Zhou announced on her Sina Weibo account that they have divorced.
Zhou Xun : Zhou Xun married American actor Archie Kao on 16 July 2014 on stage after a charity event in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
Karen Friedman Hill : Henry died on June 12, 2012, at the age of 69, from heart failure in Los Angeles.
Karen Friedman Hill : In 1990, Karen had filed for divorce after 23 years of marriage.
Karen Friedman Hill : She has two sisters, Sandy and Adrienne.
Karen Friedman Hill : Karen Friedman Hill (born January 16, 1946) is an American woman known for her involvement in the American Mafia through her husband Henry Hill, who was an associate of the Lucchese crime family.
Karen Friedman Hill : Karen Friedman Hill was portrayed by Lorraine Bracco in the 1990 film "Goodfellas", directed by Martin Scorsese, with a script based on Nicholas Pileggi's 1985 book "Wiseguy".
Navi Pillay : She married Gaby Pillay, a lawyer, in January 1965.
Navi Pillay : Navanethem "Navi" Pillay ( ; born 23 September 1941) is a South African jurist who served as the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights from 2008 to 2014.
Navi Pillay : She later attended Harvard Law School, obtaining an LLM in 1982 and a Doctor of Juridical Science degree in 1988.
Lin Liheng : bean bean) because Lin Biao loved eating beans.
Lin Liheng : On 1 November 2014, she publicly appeared on a symposium of Chinese Red Army descendants and gave speeches; this attracted the media's attention, as she proposed to full respect of historical facts and for intensified efforts to unearth and sort out historical incidents.
Asma al-Assad : On 8 March 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Syria, Assad and her husband both tested positive for COVID-19, according to the presidential office.
Asma al-Assad : In 1998, she joined the investment banking division of J.P. Morgan where she worked on a team that specialised in biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.
Asma al-Assad : She graduated from King's College London in 1996 with a first-class honours Bachelor of Science degree in computer science and a diploma in French literature.
Asma al-Assad : Assad was born Asma Akhras on 11 August 1975 in London to Fawaz Akhras, a cardiologist at the Cromwell Hospital, and his wife Sahar Akhras (née Otri), a retired diplomat who served as First Secretary at the Syrian Embassy in London.
Jayma Mays : She is known for playing Emma Pillsbury in the Fox musical series "Glee" (2009–2015) and for her starring roles in the films "Red Eye" (2005), "" (2009) and "The Smurfs" (2011).
Aya Kamiki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Cara Heads : She played basketball.
Cara Heads : Her coaches are Tony Ciarelli and Stephanie Ciarelli, Howard Cohen, Bob Morris and Dr. Kyle Pierce.
Yang Mi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yang Mi : She made her acting debut in historical television series "Tang Ming Huang", and later received recognition for her leading roles in various television series such as "Wang Zhaojun" (2007), "Chinese Paladin 3" (2009), "Palace" 1(2011), "Beijing Love Story" (2012), "Swords of Legends" (2014), "The Interpreter" (2016), "Eternal Love" (2017) and "Legend of Fuyao" (2018); as well as films "Mysterious Island" (2011), "Tiny Times" (2013–2015), and "The Witness" (2015).
Veronica Yip : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Veronica Yip : In November 2020, Yip mentioned that she was a Republican supporter and supported the second term of Donald Trump.
Zuleyka Rivera : On September 4, 2006, Zuleyka returned to her home, Puerto Rico for an official homecoming celebration and parade.
Zuleyka Rivera : From late 2010 to 2013, Rivera dated Dallas Mavericks point guard J. J. Barea.
Zuleyka Rivera : As of April 2007, Zuleyka has traveled to the Czech Republic, France, Italy, Russia, Spain, Turkey, Greece, Kazakhstan, India, Mexico, Thailand, Brazil, Puerto Rico, Japan, and Indonesia, in addition to numerous trips around the United States.
Zuleyka Rivera : The incident was reportedly attributed to heat exhaustion (from the stage lights) coupled with the weight of the heavy, chained dress she was wearing.
Zuleyka Rivera : At the Miss Universe 2007 pageant she passed her crown to Riyo Mori of Japan in Mexico City, Mexico on May 28, 2007.
Zuleyka Rivera : In late August, Zuleyka traveled to Indonesia where she attended the opening of a new spa, met with the Minister of Culture, and attended the Miss Indonesia Universe pageant where Agni Pratistha was crowned.
Zuleyka Rivera : Zuleyka Jerrís Rivera Mendoza Dias (born October 3, 1987) is a Puerto Rican actress, TV host, dancer, model and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 2006 in Los Angeles.
Louise Brealey : Born in Bozeat, Northamptonshire, England, Brealey won a scholarship for Kimbolton School and went on to read history at Girton College, Cambridge.
Louise Brealey : Brealey has written on cinema, art and music since her teens, contributing reviews and features for magazines including "Premiere UK", "Empire", "SKY", "The Face", "Neon", "Another" and "Total Film".
Sara Bareilles : Sara Beth Bareilles ( , ; born December 7, 1979) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, author, and producer.
Sara Bareilles : On October 28, 2008, Bareilles released "Between the Lines: Sara Bareilles Live at the Fillmore" on DVD and CD.
Yoon Eun-hye : Yoon Eun-hye (Korean:  ; born October 3, 1984) is a South Korean actress, singer, entertainer and model.
Herta Müller : Since the early 1990s, she has been internationally established, and her works have been translated into more than twenty languages.
Herta Müller : After being refused permission to emigrate to West Germany in 1985, Müller was finally allowed to leave along with her then-husband, novelist Richard Wagner, in 1987, and they settled in West Berlin, where both still live.
Herta Müller : Herta Müller (] ( ) ; born 17 August 1953) is a Romanian-born German novelist, poet, essayist and recipient of the 2009 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Kim Sun-a : Kim Sun-a (Korean:  ; born October 1, 1975) is a South Korean actress.
Kim Sun-a : Later that year, Kim decided to finish her college degree by transferring to Kyung Hee University as a Theater and Film major (she graduated in 2009 and received an Achievement Award from the College of Art and Design).
Carlos da Silva : Carlos Da Silva (born January 22, 1984) is a footballer from Portugal who currently plays as midfielder for Swiss club Rapperswil-Jona in the 1.
Dakota Fanning : In the same year, at the age of twelve, she was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, becoming the youngest member in the Academy's history.
Dakota Fanning : In February 2014, she recorded a voice role for the animated movie "Yellowbird".
Dakota Fanning : While promoting her role in "Dreamer", Fanning became a registered member of Girl Scouts of the USA at a special ceremony, which was followed by a screening of the film for members of the Girl Scouts of the San Fernando Valley Council.
Dakota Fanning : In the same year, Fanning appeared in three films: as a kidnap victim who proves to be more than her abductors bargained for in "Trapped", as the young version of Reese Witherspoon's character in "Sweet Home Alabama", and as Katie in the movie "Hansel and Gretel".
Dakota Fanning : In addition, Fanning did voice-over work for four animated projects during this period, including voicing Satsuki in Disney's English language release of "My Neighbor Totoro", a little girl in the Fox series "Family Guy", and a young Wonder Woman in the episode "Kids Stuff" from Cartoon Network's "Justice League Unlimited".
Chelsea Peretti : Peretti has written for "The Village Voice", "Details", "Playgirl", "Jest", "American Theatre Magazine", as well as online publications including "The Huffington Post".
Chelsea Peretti : Peretti is credited as a writer on six episodes of the television show "Parks and Recreation" from 2011 to 2012.
Chelsea Peretti : In October 2012, Peretti launched her own call-in podcast, "Call Chelsea Peretti".
Chelsea Peretti : ", "WTF with Marc Maron", "You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes", "The Todd Glass Show", "The Lavender Hour", "The Bone Zone with Brendon Walsh and Randy Liedtke", and "Comedy Bang!
Chelsea Peretti : While in New York, Peretti made short films with Variety SHAC, a comedy troupe she formed in 2004 with Andrea Rosen, Heather Lawless and Shonali Bhowmik.
Chelsea Peretti : Chelsea Vanessa Peretti (born February 20, 1978) is an American comedian, actress, television writer, singer and songwriter.
Chelsea Peretti : "Paste" ranked her Twitter account #75 on "The 75 Best Twitter Accounts of 2014".
Kyōko Tongū : She returned to Japan and voice work there late in the same decade, now chiefly involved with dubbing of foreign movies and television programs.
Kayden Kross : She was named "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for September 2008.
Kayden Kross : Kross has made appearances in the FX's comedy series "The League", the G4 reality series "The Block", and "Family Jewels".
Kayden Kross : Kross hosted the 2010 AVN Awards show, along with porn actress Kirsten Price and comedian Dave Attell.
Natalie Wong : Natalie Wong Kei-ying (Chinese name: 黃𨥈瑩, sometimes credited as 黃紀瑩 or 黃釲瑩) (born on 15 July 1976 in Hong Kong) is a Chinese actress affiliated with TVB in Hong Kong.
Jugnu Mohsin : In January 2006, she argued for the right of women to participate in a marathon wearing shorts instead the shalwar kameez.
Jugnu Mohsin : During the rule of President Pervez Musharraf, Mohsin wrote a monthly humour column titled "Mush and Bush" featuring fictional conversations between the Pakistani President and US President George W. Bush.
Jugnu Mohsin : In 1999, her husband, "Friday Times" editor-in-chief Najam Sethi, was arrested by the Nawaz Sharif government for his work as a journalist and held for a month without charge, causing Mohsin to launch an international campaign for his release.
Zhu Yingwen : Zhu Yingwen (; born September 9, 1981 in Shanghai) is a female Olympic medal-winning swimmer from the People's Republic of China, who competed at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens.
Zhu Yingwen : She was also part of China's 4 × 100 m women's freestyle relay team and 4 × 100 m women's medley relay team.
Xu Yanwei : Xu Yanwei (; born 14 June 1984 in Shanghai) is an Olympic medal-winning swimmer from the People's Republic of China, who became part of the Chinese national swimming team in 2000.
Missa Johnouchi : Missa Johnouchi was named UNESCO Artist for Peace in August 2006.
Missa Johnouchi : Moreover, she composed the music that accompanied the images of the exhibition at the Petit Palais of Paris, entitled “Shôkokuji, Gold Pavilion, Silver Pavilion, Zen and Art with Kyoto within the celebration of the 150th birthday of the Japanese and French relations and the 50th birthday of the Paris and Kyoto twin cities”.
Petra Marklund : Petra Linnea Paula Marklund (] ; born 12 September 1984), known also by her previous stage name, September, is a Swedish singer, songwriter, and television presenter.
Amy Chua : Amy Lynn Chua (born October 26, 1962) is an American law professor and writer.
Amy Chua : Chua has written five books: two studies of international affairs, a parenting memoir, a book on ethnic-American culture and its correlation with socio-economic success within the United States, and a book about the role of tribal loyalties in American politics and its foreign policy.
Amy Chua : Her second book, "Day of Empire: How Hyperpowers Rise to Global Dominance – and Why They Fall" (2007), examines seven major empires and posits that their success depended on their tolerance of minorities.
Amy Chua : "World on Fire", which was a "New York Times" bestseller, selected by "The Economist" as one of the Best Books of 2003, and named by Tony Giddens in "The Guardian" as one of the "Top Political Reads of 2003", examines how globalization and democratization since 1989 have affected the relationship between market-dominant minorities and the wider population.
Amy Chua : Vance wrote in his acknowledgments, "Besides Tina, the person who deserves the most credit for this book's existence is Amy Chua, my Yale contracts professor, who convinced me that both my life and the conclusions I drew from it were worth putting down on paper."
April Bowlby : April Michelle Bowlby (born July 30, 1980) is an American actress and model.
Yukari Oshima : She was one of Japan's brightest female martial artists during the 1980s and a leading figure in the "babes and bullets" fad of Hong Kong action cinema.
Michelle Ye : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Beau Garrett : Beau Jesse Garrett (born December 28, 1982) is an American actress and model.
Wu Yanyan : Wu Yanyan (; born November 7, 1978) is a Chinese swimmer who is the former world record holder in the women's 200 metres individual medley.
Lucrecia Martel : "Martel's filmic trilogy about life in the province of Salta, Argentina," writes film scholar Paul A. Schroeder Rodríguez, "explores the country's incomplete transition to democracy from the perspective of strong, intelligent, and socially privileged female protagonists who do not conform to dominant patriarchal values: first during childhood in "La Ciénaga" ("The Swamp", 2001), then during sexual awakening in "La niña santa" ("The Holy Girl", 2004); and finally in adulthood, in "La mujer sin cabeza" ("The Headless Woman", 2008)"...Martel's work is finely tuned to the particular rhythms and values of provincial middle-class Argentina, a world whose economic stagnation and moral bankruptcy she dissects through narratives that play on viewers' sympathies by constantly shifting between favorable and unfavorable perspectives on her characters."
Dorothy Maclean : Her childhood home, Woodside, at 40 Spring Street, Guelph has since been designated a heritage property under the "Ontario Heritage Act".
Dorothy Maclean : Dorothy Maclean (January 7, 1920 – March 12, 2020) was a Canadian writer and educator on spiritual subjects who was one of the original three adults at what is now the Findhorn Foundation in northeast Scotland.
Dorothy Maclean : Her book "To Hear the Angels Sing" gives an overview of this work and also provides autobiographical materials.
Dorothy Maclean : After being posted to Panama, she met and married John Wood, though the couple divorced in 1951.
Dorothy Maclean : Maclean left Findhorn in 1973 and subsequently founded an educational organization in North America with David Spangler.
Dorothy Maclean : She turned 92 years old during Findhorn Foundation's 50 Year Anniversary celebration in 2012.
Angie Chiu : Chiu is most noted for her leading role in "The Heaven Sword And Dragon Saber", "Chor Lau Heung", "The Bund", opposite Chow Yun-fat and Lui Leung-Wai.
Marie-Gaïané Mikaelian : Marie-Gaïané Mikaelian ( ; born 3 March 1984) is a former professional tennis player from Switzerland.
Xu Jinglei : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Teresa Medeiros : Teresa Medeiros (born 1962/1963) is a United States award-winning romance novelist with more than eight million books in print.
Teresa Medeiros : She is a two-time Fantasy, Futuristic, and Paranormal Romance Writers PRISM Award winner, and two-time recipient of the Waldenbooks Award for bestselling fiction.
Valentina Matviyenko : On 21 September 2011 she was elected the Chairwoman of the Federation Council of the Russian Federation by 140 votes with one abstention and none cast against.
Nam Sang-mi : Nam Sang-mi (born May 3, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Shakira : Shakira began her own beauty line, "S by Shakira", with parent company Puig, in 2010.
Shakira : Produced by Shakira with Emilio Estefan, Jr. as the executive producer it was released in September 1998.
Shakira : Then, in July of that year, Shakira signed a $300 million contract with Live Nation, which was to remain in effect for ten years.
Sun Jinliang : Sun Jinliang (, born January 1946) is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE) and professor of material science and engineering in Shanghai University.
Valen Hsu : In August 2015, Valen entered The Chinese version of King of Mask Singer (), using the mask of Iron Fan Ultraman to conceal her identity.
Aneela Mirza : She was part of the Danish pop group Toy-Box which enjoyed worldwide success in the late-1990s and early-2000s, selling over 4.5 million albums.
Aneela Mirza : Apart from her solo career, Aneela has also produced and written for Danish artist Burhan G, R&B producer Saqib and many more.
Helen Quinn : Helen Rhoda Arnold Quinn (born 19 May 1943) is an Australian-born particle physicist and educator who has made major contributions to both fields.
Kelly Ayotte : Kelly Ann Ayotte ( ; born June 27, 1968) is an American attorney and politician who served as a United States Senator from 2011 to 2017 and Attorney General for New Hampshire from 2004 to 2009.
Kelly Ayotte : The amendment did not pass.
Kelly Ayotte : The amendment did not pass.
Kelly Ayotte : The amendment did not pass.
Sudarat Keyuraphan : Sudarat is married to Mr. Somyos Leelapunyalert, who is a real estate entrepreneur.
Sudarat Keyuraphan : As one of 111 executive members of the TRT, she was banned from political activities for five years after the 2006 coup d'état.
Elaine Ng : Elaine Ng Yi Lei (born 23 September 1973), sometimes credited as Elaine Wu, is a Hong Kong actress.
Queenie Chu : Queenie studied in Rosaryhill School, then continued her education at the University of Washington, Seattle, United States.
Queenie Chu : She competed in the Miss International 2005 pageant in Japan, and won the Miss Friendship.
Kara Wai : In 2012, Wai officially transferred to the king of the arts and is now a contract actress.
Sharon Luk : Sharon Luk or Luk Sze-wan (born 29 December 1980) is a TVB actress.
Aimee Chan : The couple have three children: sons Aiden Joshua Chan (born December 4, 2013) and Nathan Lucas Chan (born February 26, 2015) and daughter Camilla Chan (born April 27, 2016).
Fumi Yoshinaga : She was also selected and exhibited as one of the "Twenty Major Manga artist Who Contributed to the World of Shōjo Manga (World War II to Present)" for Professor Masami Toku's exhibition, "Shōjo Manga: Girl Power!"
Natascha Kampusch : She has written a book about her ordeal, "3,096 Days" (2010), upon which the 2013 German film "3096 Days" is based.
Natascha Kampusch : Natascha Maria Kampusch (born 17 February 1988) is an Austrian woman who was abducted at the age of 10 on 2 March 1998 and held in a secret cellar by her kidnapper Wolfgang Přiklopil for more than eight years, until she escaped on 23 August 2006.
Jackie Pullinger : She also taught music at St. Stephen's Girls' College.
Jackie Pullinger : In 1981, she started a charity called the St Stephen's Society which provided rehabilitation homes for recovering drug addicts, prostitutes, and gang members.
Sumire Haruno : 2008: Christmas Dinner Show: Celebration
Suki Low : At its grand finale on 22 September 2006, she garnered 39% of the votes with her rendition of the songs, Berdiri and Everything.
Paula Patton : Paula Maxine Patton (born December 5, 1975) is an American actress.
Jessica Mauboy : In January 2010, Mauboy made her acting debut in the film adaptation of the 1990 Aboriginal musical "Bran Nue Dae".
Jessica Mauboy : Jessica Hilda Mauboy (born 4 August 1989) is an Australian R&B and pop singer, songwriter, and actress.
Jessica Mauboy : In 2006, Mauboy auditioned for the fourth season of "Australian Idol" in Alice Springs, Northern Territory singing Whitney Houston's "I Have Nothing".
Minami Takahashi : On 1 May 2019, Takahashi announced her marriage to a non-celebrity man 15 years of her senior.
Minami Takahashi : On 8 December 2014, the 9th Anniversary of AKB48 Theater, it was confirmed by Takahashi herself that she would officially leave AKB48 exactly one year later, or 8 December 2015, the 10th Anniversary of the AKB48 Theater.
Sayaka Ando : She delivered her first child in September 2012, and her second in November 2014.
Viola Davis : Next, she attended the Juilliard School for four years, and was a member of the school's Drama Division "Group 22" (1989–93).
Cherie Chung : Cherie Chung Chor-hung (; born 16 February 1960) is a retired Hong Kong film actress.
Devily Leung : Educated in Hong Kong, in Wellington, New Zealand and in Melbourne, Australia, she joined the competition of "TVB Weekly Cover Girl" held by TVB and she was placed the third.
Ma Yuqin : In 1988, Ma joined the Hebei Track and Field team.
Ma Yuqin : Ma Yuqin (born 11 September 1972 in Xingtai) is a Chinese sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
Ma Yuqin : Her last appearance was in May 1997 where she ran a 400 m in 53.28 seconds.
Ma Yuqin : In September 1991, at only 19, she improved Li Guilian's national record on 400 m of 52.13 seconds to 52.04 seconds, during the Chinese City Games held in Tangshan.
Ma Yuqin : In the 400 m, she won her heat in 55.25 seconds before claiming the final in 53.38 seconds, ahead of fellow Liu Youlan.
Ma Yuqin : On September 12, she set a personal best of 22.95 seconds in the 200 m. On September 13, Ma anchored the Hebei's 4 x 400 m relay team featuring An Xiaohong, Cao Chunying and Bai Xiaoyun to break the Asian record in 3:24.28.
Yua Aida : Yua Aida was born in Aichi Prefecture, Japan, on 12 August 1984.
Linda Perry : Perry began a relationship with actress Sara Gilbert in 2011.
Ruth Wilson : Prior to her role in "Jane Eyre", Wilson had one professional screen credit, in "Suburban Shootout", a situation comedy she appeared in with Tom Hiddleston.
Ruth Wilson : Other projects in 2007 included a guest appearance in the sitcom "Freezing" as Alison Fennel (transmitted on BBC2, 21 February 2008); narration of the documentary "The Polish Ambulance Murders" (transmitted on BBC4, 5 February 2008); and the portrayal of a mentally ill doctor in the dramatised documentary "The Doctor Who Hears Voices" (transmitted on UK Channel 4, 21 April 2008).
Elizabeth Gilbert : Elizabeth Gilbert (born July 18, 1969) is an American journalist and author.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand majored in Asian Studies, studying in both Beijing and Taiwan.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Kirsten Elizabeth Gillibrand (; ; born December 9, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior United States Senator from New York since 2009.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Following Senator Clinton's appointment as U.S. Secretary of State in 2009, Governor David Paterson selected Gillibrand to fill the Senate seat that had been vacated by Clinton, which made her New York's second female Senator.
Zhang Linli : Zhang Linli (; born 6 March 1973 in Shenyang) is a retired Chinese long-distance runner who set world class times in events ranging from 1500 metres up to the marathon.
Yui Sakakibara : Released by LOVE×TRAX☆Records on December 24, 2008; This maxi single was sold on only Comic Toranoana.
Yū Aoi : Aoi married comedian Ryota Yamasato on June 3, 2019.
Isabelle Fuhrman : Isabelle Fuhrman (born February 25, 1997) is an American actress.
Lin Shaye : Shaye is also well known for her comedic roles in numerous films by the Farrelly brothers, including "Dumb and Dumber" (1994), "Kingpin" (1996), "There's Something About Mary" (1998), "Me, Myself & Irene" (2000), "Stuck on You" (2003), and "The Three Stooges" (2012).
Natalya Lisovskaya : Natalya Venediktovna Lisovskaya ( ; born 16 July 1962) is a former Soviet athlete who competed mainly in shot put.
Natalya Lisovskaya : Lisovskaya married men's hammer throw world record holder Yuriy Sedykh and has one daughter, Alexia.
Nicole Scherzinger : Nicole Scherzinger ( ; born Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente; June 29, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter and television personality.
Kim Nam-soon : Kim Nam-soon (born May 7, 1980) was a member of the South Korean Olympic archery team.
Caroline Link : Link lives with her partner, the film director Dominik Graf, and their daughter, who was born in 2002.
Caroline Link : Her third feature film, "Nirgendwo in Afrika" ("Nowhere in Africa", 2001), adapted by Link from the autobiographical novel by Stefanie Zweig and shot on location in Kenya, received the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film as well winning the German Film Award ("Deutscher Filmpreis") in five categories, including Best Fiction Film.
Laura Benanti : On June 12, 2015, she became engaged to Patrick Brown.
Laura Benanti : In 2002, Benanti played Cinderella (a role she had played as a teenager) in the Broadway revival of "Into the Woods" and received both a Tony nomination for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical and a Drama Desk nomination for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical.
Mayra Andrade : Since 2015, Andrade has served as a celebrity ambassador for the United Nations campaign "Free and Equal", which seeks to promote the human rights of the LGBT community in Cape Verde.
Mayra Andrade : She is multilingual, but most of the lyrics of the songs on her albums are in her native Cape Verdean Crioulo language.
Mayra Andrade : Mayra Andrade (born (1985--)13 1985 ) is a Cape Verdean singer who lives and records in Lisbon, Portugal.
Yoko Kamio : "Cat Street" was serialized in monthly "Bessatsu Margaret" ("Betsuma") from the August 2004 issue of the magazine onward and collected into eight "tankōbon" volumes, the first of which was released on April 25, 2005 and the last on April 25, 2008.
Sandra Bezic : Sandra Marie Bezic (born April 6, 1956) is a Canadian pair skater, figure skating choreographer, and television commentator.
Sandra Bezic : With her brother Val Bezic, she won the Canadian Figure Skating Championships from 1970–1974 and placed ninth at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Sumika Yamamoto : In 1981, she moved back to her home town Enzan and stopped her artistic output in order to cultivate spirituality.
Sumika Yamamoto : Sumika Yamamoto is a shōjo manga artist born on June 17, 1949.
Kyoko Mizuki : Keiko Nagita won the Japan Juvenile Writers Association Prize for "Rainette, Kin Iro no Ringo" (Rainette - The Golden Apples) in 2007.
Kyoko Mizuki : In the 1970s, she wrote many shōjo manga stories as Ayako Kazu, Akane Kouda, Kyoko Mizuki and Keiko Nagita.
Selena Gomez : Gomez dated Nick Jonas in 2008.
Selena Gomez : Also in 2018, it was reported Gomez was earning $800,000 for each sponsored Instagram post.
Selena Gomez : It was also announced that she would partner with the cellphone brand, Case-Mate, as part of its upcoming "Right Case, Right Occasion" marketing campaign.
Selena Gomez : In August, Gomez collaborated with South Korean girl group Blackpink for "Ice Cream", the song is the second single from Blackpink's debut Korean-language studio album, "The Album".
Selena Gomez : From 2013 to 2015, Gomez was a spokesperson and partner for Neo by Adidas.
Selena Gomez : In 2009, Gomez was part of Sears's back-to-school fashion campaign and was featured in television commercials.
Selena Gomez : She also created her own collection of nail polish colors for Nicole by OPI.
Selena Gomez : In 2016, Gomez appeared in a fashion campaign for luxury brand Louis Vuitton.
Selena Gomez : She also became the spokesperson for Borden Milk and was featured in campaign's print ads and television commercials.
Selena Gomez : In 2012, she released a self-titled fragrance, Selena Gomez by Selena Gomez.
Selena Gomez : From 2010 to 2014, Gomez released her own clothing line, Dream Out Loud by Selena Gomez, through retailer Kmart.
Selena Gomez : Selena Marie Gomez was born on July 22, 1992, in Grand Prairie, Texas, to Ricardo Joel Gomez and Texas-born former stage actress Amanda Dawn "Mandy" Cornett.
Selena Gomez : In December 2010, Gomez began dating Justin Bieber.
Ayaka Hirahara : Hirahara comes from a musical family; her father, Makoto Hirahara, is a saxophone player, her grandfather, Tsutomu Hirahara, was a trumpet player, and her older sister, Aika Hirahara, also is a singer under the EMI Music Japan label.
Tamara Taylor : Taylor married attorney Miles Cooley in 2007 but the couple divorced in May 2012.
Tamara Taylor : Taylor is a second cousin by marriage to Neve Campbell, with whom she appeared on "Party of Five".
Tamara Taylor : She has appeared in the CBS medical drama "3 lbs" as Della and the UPN series "Sex, Love & Secrets" in the role of Nina; both series were short-lived.
Tamara Taylor : She dropped out of high school to try modeling and see the world, with her mother supportive of her decision: "School will always be there, she told me."
Tamara Taylor : She portrayed Debrah Simmons in the 2005 romantic-comedy "Diary of a Mad Black Woman", Halle Berry's best friend in "Introducing Dorothy Dandridge", and had a brief role in "Serenity", the movie conclusion of the TV series "Firefly" by Joss Whedon.
Tamara Taylor : She first appeared in "Bones" in the first episode of the second season, "The Titan on the Tracks", portraying the character Dr. Camille Saroyan.
Ngô Thanh Vân : That December, Ngô was awarded the "Best Actress" prize at the 15th Vietnam Film Festival.
Barbora Špotáková : Before the Olympic Games in 2008, their leader Lou Fanánek Hagen announced that if she wins the gold medal, the band will record a song in her honor.
Barbora Špotáková : Špotáková reunited with her former coach Rudolf Černý in 2015 to train for The Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, where she won the bronze medal with a throw of 64.80m.
Kim Wan-sun : Kim Wan-sun (Hangul: 김완선, Hanja: 金緩宣; born May 16, 1969) is a South Korean pop singer who was known in the mid-1980s and early 1990s as the "Korean Madonna" and "the dancing queen of Korean popular music's renaissance era" as well as a sex symbol for her "sexy" dancing and "charismatic" stage presence.
Cathy Bao Bean : Bean taught philosophy at Montclair State College, Upper Montclair, New Jersey and at East Stroudsburg University, Pennsylvania in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Cathy Bao Bean : Bao Bean is a member of the Board of Advisors of the Claremont Graduate University School of the Arts and Humanities; the Board of the New Jersey Council for the Humanities; and a member of "The Star-Ledger" Scholarship Committee.
Cathy Bao Bean : Cathy Bao Bean () is a Chinese-American writer and educator, and is the author of "The Chopsticks-Fork Principle: A Memoir and Manual" (We Press, 2002).
Cathy Bao Bean : in Philosophy from Claremont Graduate College, Claremont, California in 1969.
Jelena Đokić : Jelena Đokić (; born 24 May 1977) is a Serbian actress.
Tian Jia : Tian Jia (; born 9 February 1981 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese professional beach volleyball player.
Annping Chin : Before Yale, she was on the faculty at Wesleyan University.
Annping Chin : Chin studied mathematics at Michigan State University and received her Ph.D. in Chinese thought from Columbia University.
Dolly James : She later released a white label single, "Emotions", as well as numerous live and television performances with Drizabone.
Song Ji-hyo : In 2017, Song co-hosted the beauty program "Song Ji-hyo's Beauty View" with Gong Myung.
Song Ji-hyo : The following year, Song participated in dubbing for the animated film "Maritime Police Marco" (2013) alongside fellow "Running Man" cast Lee Kwang-soo, and played a detective in Park Hoon-jung's crime film "New World" (2013).
Tenzin Palmo : Vicki Mackenzie, who wrote "Cave in the Snow" about her, relates that what inspired the writing of the book was reading Tenzin Palmo's statement to a Buddhist magazine that "I have made a vow to attain Enlightenment in the female form - no matter how many lifetimes it takes".
Tenzin Palmo : In 2000, the Dongyu Gatsal Ling Nunnery was opened with the purpose of giving education and training to women from Tibet and the Himalayan border regions.
Bowie Tsang : In 2019, she was the interviewer on Grain Media's documentary series, "The Eve of Tomorrow."
Diablo Cody : Brook Maurio ("née" Busey; born June 14, 1978), known professionally by the pen name Diablo Cody, is an American writer and producer.
Diablo Cody : After completion of her book, Cody was encouraged by Mason Novick to try writing a screenplay.
Diablo Cody : In October 2011, Cody began hosting an online celebrity interview program called "Red Band Trailer," on the broadband channel, L-studio.
Diablo Cody : On the "WTF with Marc Maron" podcast, on February 24, 2012, she said her next project would be directing her first film, which is about a young woman who abandons religion after surviving a plane crash.
Diablo Cody : Cody is a friend of screenwriters Dana Fox ("What Happens in Vegas", "Couples Retreat") and Lorene Scafaria ("Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist") and they often write their screenplays together in order to get advice from one another.
Diablo Cody : Cody began a parody blog called "Red Secretary", detailing the (fictional) exploits of a secretary living in Belarus.
Diablo Cody : Cody was raised Apostolic Christian and attended Benet Academy, a Roman Catholic school in Lisle, Illinois.
Diablo Cody : Her first jobs were doing secretarial work at a Chicago law firm and later proofreading copy for advertisements that played on Twin Cities radio stations.
Paulien van Dooremalen : Paulien van Dooremalen (born 4 July 1985, Deventer) was a Dutch professional badminton player and also played for the Amersfoort club.
Samantha Barning : Samantha Barning (born 28 June 1989, Amstelveen) is a Dutch professional badminton player.
Rachel van Cutsen : A native of Spijkenisse, she can play either in singles or in doubles matches.
Claudia Rivero : Claudia Rivero Modenesi (born 28 November 1986 in Lima) is a Peruvian badminton player.
Claudia Rivero : She won the bronze medal in the singles and mixed doubles category at the 2007 and the 2011 Pan American Games.
Elenoa Mara-Rasova : Adi Elenoa Mara is the youngest daughter of Fiji’s first Prime Minister Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, and is the twin sister of Ratu Tevita Mara.
Noriko Senge : In April 2007, Princess Noriko enrolled in the Gakushuin University, Faculty of Letters, Department of Psychology, and expressed her intent to pursue studies in the field of clinical psychology.
Jessica Lee Rose : After leaving "lonelygirl15" in August 2007, Rose played "Jen K." on ABC Family's "Greek".
Dakota Johnson : She has been in a relationship with British musician and singer Chris Martin since October 2017.
Dakota Johnson : Johnson was previously involved in long-term relationships with American musician Noah Gersh and American actor Jordan Masterson.
Dakota Johnson : Her maternal grandparents are advertising executive and former child actor Peter Griffith and actress Tippi Hedren, and she is the niece of actress Tracy Griffith and production designer Clay A. Griffin.
Dakota Johnson : She attended the Santa Catalina School in Monterey, California, for her freshman year of high school before transferring to New Roads School in Santa Monica, California.
Dakota Johnson : Though acting is her primary work, she has since modeled for MANGO brand's jeans line in 2009 and shot the "Rising Star" campaign for Australian fashion label Wish in 2011.
Linda Woolverton : Woolverton is divorced from producer Lee Flicker, with whom she has a daughter together, Keaton, born in 1991.
Li Yinhe : In 1992 she joined the Institute of Sociology at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences as a researcher, and later the director of the Research Office of Family and Sexuality.
Li Yinhe : Her main academic interests have been sexual norms in contemporary China, homosexuality, diverse sexual behaviors including sadomasochism, and women's studies.
Li Yinhe : Li Yinhe (; née Li Sanfan; born February 4, 1952) is a sociologist, sexologist, and activist for LGBT rights in the People's Republic of China.
Yumiko Igarashi : She won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award in 1977 as the artist of "Candy Candy".
Yumiko Igarashi : In 1968, as a third-year high school student at the Asahi Gaoka High School in Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Igarashi made her debut in Shueisha's "Ribon" manga magazine with "Shiroi Same no iru Shima".
Emme Wong : Wong married actor Danny Chan Kwok-kwan on 27 October 2014.
Jennette McCurdy : The first single, "So Close", was released on March 10, 2009.
Ren Yexiang : Ren Yexiang (; born 1961) is a Chinese actress of the 1980s.
Ren Yexiang : She played a role in "Yangfan" (扬帆, 1981), "Longing for My Native Country" (1981), "Forever Young" (青春万岁, 1983), "Yilushunfeng" (一路顺风, 1983).
Teresa Carpio : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Teresa Carpio : After that, many other singers followed, names such as Sammi Cheng, Wong Cho Lam, Cecilia Cheung, Joey Yung, Gigi Leung, Alex To, Edmund Leung, Twins, Jade Kwan and many more.
Penny Mordaunt : She served as Defence Secretary for 85 days, and was the first woman to hold this post.
Penny Mordaunt : Mordaunt was educated at Oaklands Roman Catholic School Academy, Waterlooville, Hampshire and studied drama at the Victoryland Theatre School.
Penny Mordaunt : She has a twin brother, James, who is openly gay.
Penny Mordaunt : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Penny Mordaunt : Penelope Mary Mordaunt ( ; born 4 March 1973) is a British Conservative Party politician serving as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Portsmouth North since 2010 and as Paymaster General since February 2020.
Penny Mordaunt : She has attributed her interest in politics to her experiences working in hospitals and orphanages of Romania in her gap year, whilst that country was in the aftermath of the 1989 revolution.
Sarah Carter : Sarah Sanguin Carter (born October 30, 1980) is a Canadian actress.
Candy Lo : At a concert in 2011, Lo announced her retirement as a singer, though stated that she will continue to produce music behind-the-scenes.
Vanessa Taylor : She also co-created "Jack & Bobby".
Vanessa Taylor : Vanessa Taylor is an American screenwriter and television producer.
Vanessa Taylor : Her television credits include "Game of Thrones", "Gideon's Crossing", "Alias" (hired by J. J. Abrams), "Everwood" (hired by Greg Berlanti), "Tell Me You Love Me", and "Cupid".
Vanessa Taylor : In 2012, Taylor was nominated for a WIN Outstanding Writer Award (Outstanding Film or Show Written by a Woman) in 2012 for "Hope Springs".
Vanessa Taylor : Carell played Dr. Feld, “a marriage therapist who tries to help a couple rekindle their loveless relationship after 31 years of marriage.”
Nana Natsume : in a CD single and DVD music video released August 2, 2006 by Rock Chipper Records.
Rebel Wilson : Wilson and her "Bridesmaids" co-star Matt Lucas lived together in West Hollywood, from September 2012 until 2015.
Rebel Wilson : Rebel Melanie Elizabeth Wilson (born Melanie Elizabeth Bownds; 2 March 1980) is an Australian actress, singer, comedian, writer, and producer.
Akie Abe : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Akie Abe : Akie Abe ( , "Abe Akie"; née Matsuzaki; born 10 June 1962) is a Japanese radio DJ and the spouse of politician Shinzō Abe, who served as Prime Minister of Japan from 2006 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2020.
Eriko Yamatani : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Naomi Tani : In 1972, she directed two films from Oniroku Dan stories, "Sex Killer" and "Starved Sex Beast".
Naomi Tani : Her debut was in the 1967 film "Special".
Naomi Tani : Born October 20, 1948, in the Hakata ward of Fukuoka, Naomi Tani moved to Tokyo at the age of 18.
Naomi Tani : She took her screen name "Tani" from the novelist Jun'ichirō Tanizaki and "Naomi" from the central character in his important early work "A Fool's Love".
Jean Duncan : She has umpired at 2002 Commonwealth Games, 2002 and 2006 Women's Hockey World Cup and 2004 Olympic Games.
Anne-Marie Miéville : Anne-Marie Miéville (born 11 November 1945) is a Swiss video and filmmaker whom "Sight & Sound" has called a "hugely important multimedia artist."
Anne-Marie Miéville : From 1973 until 1994, she collaborated with Godard as photographer, scriptwriter, film editor, co-director, assuming the role of artistic director on some of their projects.
Zhou Chunxiu : Zhou Chunxiu (; born November 15, 1978 in Sheqi County, Henan) is a Chinese marathon runner.
Zhou Chunxiu : She won the silver medal in the marathon at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka, and won the bronze medal in the marathon at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, one second behind the silver medalist.
Yi Hae-won : Yi died in February 2020 at the age of 100.
Yi Hae-won : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yi Hae-won : Yi Hae-won (Hangul: 이해원, Hanja: 李海瑗) (born Yi Gil-un) (24 April 1919 – 8 February 2020) was a Korean princess and a descendant of the Joseon dynasty (Empire of Korea).
Eugena Washington : Eugena Washington (born October 8, 1984 in Columbia, South Carolina, United States) is an American model.
Eugena Washington : In Playboy magazine's post-nude era, she was the first Playmate of the Year, and was the last to be announced by Hugh Hefner at the Playboy Mansion.
Motoko Arai : An English translation was produced in 1984 by the Kodansha English Library.
Motoko Arai : Motoko Arai (新井素子; born August 8, 1960) is a Japanese science fiction and fantasy writer.
Qiu Le : Qiu Le (born 26 February 1983) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Hiromi Miyake : In July 2012, Miyake won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 48 kg category.
Laura Morante : Laura Morante (born 21 August 1956) is an Italian film actress.
Joan Feynman : Feynman died on July 21, 2020 at age 93.
Joan Feynman : In 2000, she was awarded NASA's distinguished Exceptional Achievement Medal.
Joan Feynman : She had one daughter, Susan Hirshberg, and two sons, Charles Hirshberg and Matt Hirshberg, from her first marriage, to Richard Hirshberg.
Joan Feynman : Feynman was twice elected secretary of the Solar and Interplanetary Physics Section of the American Geophysical Union.
Joan Feynman : During her career, Feynman was an author or co-author of more than 100 scientific publications.
Joan Feynman : Feynman was married to fellow astrophysicist Alexander Ruzmaikin since 1987.
Joan Feynman : In 2002, Feynman was named as one of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory's elite senior research scientists.
Joan Feynman : However, she continued to work, publishing as recently as 2009 on the influence of solar activity on the climate of the first millennium.
Joan Feynman : Using data collected by a NASA spacecraft known as Explorer 33, she demonstrated that the occurrence of auroras is a product of the interaction between the Earth's magnetosphere and the magnetic field of the solar wind.
Joan Feynman : While working at the NASA Ames Research Center in 1971, Feynman discovered that the periodic spouting of solar material known as a solar coronal mass ejection (CME) could be identified by the presence of helium in the solar wind.
Joan Feynman : Such fast-moving coronal mass ejections cause shock waves in the solar wind, speeding up solar particles and instigating geomagnetic storms as the particles arrive at the outer edge of Earth's magnetosphere.
Chen Ruoxi : Chen Ruoxi (; born 15 November 1938) is a Taiwanese author.
Qiu Hongxia : Qiu Hongxia (born 10 February 1982) is a Chinese weightlifter.
Qiu Hongxia : Qiu participated in the women's -53 kg class at the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships and won the gold medal, snatching 98 kg and clean and jerking an additional 128 kg for a total of 226 kg.
Ouyang Xiaofang : Ouyang Xiaofang (Simplified Chinese: 欧阳晓芳; born 5 April 1983) is a weightlifter from Liaoning, People's Republic of China.
Margherita Granbassi : Margherita Granbassi (] ; born 1 September 1979 in Trieste) is an Italian foil fencer.
Rafidah Aziz : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Rafidah Aziz : Rafidah binti Aziz (Jawi: رافيده بنت عزيز; born 4 November 1943) is a Malaysian politician who was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Selayang from 1978 to 1982 and Kuala Kangsar constituency from 1982 to 2013.
Chelsea Charms : Charms was a subject for British artist Marc Quinn's body of work on people who manipulate their bodies.
Chelsea Charms : Chelsea Charms (born March 7, 1976) is a former American big-bust model, internet model, and stripper who is famous for having large artificial breasts.
Chelsea Charms : Charms has appeared in adult magazines specializing in large breast models.
Nam Hyun-hee : Nam Hyun-Hee (Korean:  ; Hanja:  ; ] or ] ] ; born 29 September 1981) is a South Korean foil fencer.
Nam Hyun-hee : She was chosen to give the athlete's oath at the 2014 Asian Games.
Luo Xiaojuan : Luo Xiaojuan (骆晓娟, Luò Xiǎojuān, born 12 June 1984) is a Chinese épée fencer.
Zhong Weiping : Zhong Weiping (; born October 23, 1981 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese épée fencer.
Maria Larsson : Ingrid Maria Larsson (born 20 January 1956 in Långasjö) is Swedish politician of the Christian Democrats who has been Governor of Örebro County since May 2015, appointed by the cabinet of Stefan Löfven.
Leona Lewis : Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actress, model, and activist.
Leona Lewis : She has won two MOBO Awards, an MTV Europe Music Award, and two World Music Awards.
Vivien Yeo : Vivien Yeo (; born 20 July 1984) is a Malaysian Chinese actress and businesswoman.
Yelena Serova : Serova was one of five cosmonauts selected to raise the Russian flag at the 2014 Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Sochi.
Yelena Serova : In 2016, she was elected to the State Duma from the United Russia party and left the cosmonaut squad.
Yelena Serova : Yelena Olegovna Serova ( , born 22 April 1976) is a Russian politician and former cosmonaut.
Yelena Serova : In March 2001, Serova graduated from the Aerospace Faculty of the Moscow Aviation Institute qualified as an engineer.
Yelena Serova : The Soyuz FG rocket carrying TMA-14M commander Aleksandr Samokutyayev, Yelena Serova and NASA astronaut Barry Wilmore blasted off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome's Site 1/5 at 20:25 UTC.
Noriko Ohara : In the first ever Seiyu Awards in 2007, she won the Achievement Award.
Noriko Ohara : She is best known for the roles of Nobita Nobi ("Doraemon"), all of the female lead villains in the "Time Bokan" series (including Doronjo in both the original "Yatterman" and its remake), Conan ("Future Boy Conan"), Peter ("Heidi, Girl of the Alps"), Penelope Pitstop ("Wacky Races"), Oyuki ("Urusei Yatsura"), and Claudia LaSalle ("Super Dimension Fortress Macross").
Maria João Pires : Maria João Alexandre Barbosa Pires (Portuguese: ] ; born 23 July 1944) is a Portuguese-Swiss classical pianist.
Maria João Pires : In 2017, she announced her retirement from the stage and tours for 2018, but she continued giving concerts.
Maria João Pires : Subsequently, she performed with major orchestras in Europe, America, Canada, Israel and Japan, interpreting works by Bach, Beethoven, Schumann, Schubert, Mozart, Brahms, Chopin and other classical and romantic composers.
Maria João Pires : From 2012 to 2016, she was a Master in Residence at the Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel in Waterloo, Belgium, where she gave piano lessons and master classes to young talented pianists from all over the world.
Caroline Zhang : She was the fourth World Junior Champion in a row to qualify for the Grand Prix Final in her first Grand Prix season.
Caroline Zhang : She trains in Artesia, California at the East West Ice Palace, an ice rink owned by the Kwan family.
Caroline Zhang : Zhang is proficient at the piano, was concert master in her middle school's orchestra on violin, and was a ballet dancer before switching to figure skating.
Caroline Zhang : This makes the spin, in essence, a catch-foot layback in a Biellmann position, because the Biellmann position, according to regulations, is achieved when the level of the boot passes the head so that the boot is above and behind or over the head.
Caroline Zhang : Zhang is able to perform the spin with her free leg pulled straight up into the air, with very little knee bend, making the spin look closer to a capital-I position than the usual Biellmann teardrop shape.
Geneviève Page : Page has been married to Jean-Claude Bujard since 1959; the couple have two children.
Huang Xiaomin : She was born in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang.
Huang Xiaomin : Huang Xiaomin (; born April 14, 1970) is a Chinese former breaststroke swimmer, whose best performance during her career was winning the silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Margarita Levieva : Levieva emigrated to the United States at age 11 with her mother and twin brother, Michael and settled in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn.
Meagan Tandy : She was a student at Chaffey College, and is the first student from this school to win the Miss California USA title.
Meagan Tandy : Meagan Yvonne Tandy (born May 3, 1985) is an American actress and model.
Pang Panpan : Towards the end of the year 2002, she was selected for the National Gymnastics Team.
Pang Panpan : Bars was her weakest event overall but due to injury she was only trained consistently on this event during the run up to the selection of 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Pang Panpan : She and her teammates Zhang Nan, Li Ya, Cheng Fei, Zhou Zhuoru, He Ning, and alternate Huang Lu made history as they became the first Chinese women's team to win a gold medal in the team event.
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : in 1976.
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : D'Souza was invested as a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1999.
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : On 13 July 2011, D'Souza was elected Lord Speaker of the House of Lords and began her new role in September 2011.
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : In 1959, when she was 15, she married Dr Stanislaus Joseph D'Souza, with whom she had two children; they divorced in 1974.
Frances D'Souza, Baroness D'Souza : Frances Gertrude Claire Russell, the daughter of Robert Anthony Gilbert and Pauline (née Parmet) Russell, was educated at St Mary's School, Princethorpe, and went to University College London to read anthropology, graduating BSc in 1970.
Lian Ross : Lian Ross (born Josephine Hiebel; December 8, 1962) is a German Hi-NRG/Euro disco singer.
Joanne Greenberg : Joanne Greenberg (born September 24, 1932 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American author best known for the bestselling novel "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden", written under the pen name of Hannah Green.
Rebecca Hall : Rebecca Maria Hall (born 3 May 1982) is an English actress, producer, writer, and director.
Rebecca Hall : In 2010, there was intense media speculation of an affair between Hall and director Sam Mendes, who was married to Kate Winslet at the time.
Rebecca Hall : Hall then appeared in a wide array of films, including Ron Howard's historical drama "Frost/Nixon" (2008), Ben Affleck's crime drama "The Town" (2010), the horror thriller "The Awakening" (2011), the superhero film "Iron Man 3" (2013), the science fiction film "Transcendence" (2014), the psychological thriller "The Gift" (2015) and the biographical drama "Professor Marston and the Wonder Women" (2017).
Yoyo Mung : She married actor and singer Ekin Cheng on 28 January 2013.
Yoyo Mung : Yoyo Mung Ka-wai ()is a Hong Kong actress working for Television Broadcasts Limited.
Phyllis Quek : Phyllis married Australian businessman, David Cox, 51 in December 2012 and held a wedding dinner on the 23 June 2013.
Phyllis Quek : Phyllis Quek (Chinese: 郭妃丽; Pinyin: Guō Fēilì) is a Malaysia-born model-turned-actress and singer in Singapore.
Angela Sommer-Bodenburg : The novel, written in 1979, spawned a series of books, and the plot has been adapted to theatre, radio, cinema, and television.
Angela Sommer-Bodenburg : Angela Sommer-Bodenburg (born December 18, 1948) is the author of a number of fantasy books for children.
Azalina Othman Said : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Maria Arredondo : In July 2014, Maria took the leading female role in a musical play titled "Kober Mystery".
Maria Arredondo : In November 2004, Arredondo released her second album, "Not Going Under".
Olga Kurylenko : Olga Konstiantinivna Kurylenko ( , ; born 14 November 1979) is a Ukrainian-French actress and model.
Olga Kurylenko : She married French fashion photographer Cedric van Mol in 2000, but the couple divorced four years later.
Cynthia Carroll : Her annual salary at Anglo American was £1,050,000 with an annual bonus of £319,000.
Cynthia Carroll : Cynthia Blum Carroll (born November 13, 1956) is a British businesswoman.
Godfried Aduobe : Godfried Aduobe (born 29 October 1975) is a former Ghanaian football midfielder.
Elisabetta Canalis : In March 2015, she was appointed Goodwill Ambassador UNICEF Italy.
Elisabetta Canalis : She promoted in a spot recorded in New York the new city limousine Musa "5th Avenue".
Elisabetta Canalis : She has been a spokeswoman and runway model from 2006 to 2009 for the fashion brand "Hollywood Milano", a Milan-based disco club.
Elisabetta Canalis : Canalis was featured in the 2003 "Max" nude calendar.
Elisabetta Canalis : Elisabetta Canalis (] ; born 12 September 1978) is an Italian actress and showgirl.
Elisabetta Canalis : Canalis was previously engaged to footballer Christian Vieri, and she also had a short relationship with film director Gabriele Muccino following his divorce.
Elisabetta Canalis : She has been also on 2010 the 7th most beautiful woman for "Maxim" and in top 50 for "DT Spain" magazine.
Elisabetta Canalis : On 23 November 2011, Canalis and Clooney were among 200 witnesses accepted by a Milan court in the trial of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi for allegedly paying for sex with an underage prostitute (Rubygate).
Elisabetta Canalis : In June 2011 she appeared in a photoshoot of the Spanish version of Vogue, and in September 2011 in the Arabian version of Harper's Bazaar.
Elisabetta Canalis : Canalis was educated in Sassari, where she attended the "classical" high school (Liceo classico), and then moved to Milan to study foreign languages at Università degli Studi di Milano, though she never graduated because she started to work as a dancer for Silvio Berlusconi's TV channel Canale 5 at the age of 21.
Chai Hui-chen : Major General Chai Hui-chen (), sometimes referred to as Tschai Hui-chen or by her English name Jane, is Taiwan's first female combat-status general.
Chai Hui-chen : She is currently the Director General of the Information Assurance Division in the Office of the Deputy Chief of the General Staff for Communications, Electronics & Information (J6) in Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense.
Kim Chae-hwa : She studied at Kansai University.
Kim Chae-hwa : Kim Chae-hwa (also Ayaka Nagase; born November 7, 1988) is a South Korean former competitive figure skater.
Kim Chae-hwa : Kim debuted internationally for Korea in the 2005–06 season.
Nana Ozaki : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mariusz Fyrstenberg : Mariusz Fyrstenberg (born 8 July 1980) is a retired left-handed Polish professional tennis player whose speciality was in doubles.
Huang Shengyi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mary-Claire King : She has been the American Cancer Society Professor of the Department of Genome Sciences and of Medical Genetics in the Department of Medicine at the University of Washington since 1995.
Mary-Claire King : King has worked with numerous human rights organizations, such as Physicians for Human Rights and Amnesty International, to identify missing people in countries including Argentina, Chile, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Mexico, Rwanda, the Balkans (Croatia and Serbia), and the Philippines.
Mary-Claire King : Since 1990, King has been working in collaboration with scientists around the world to identify genetic causes of hearing loss and deafness.
Lauren German : German was born in Huntington Beach, California.
Zong Pu : She won the Mao Dun Literature Prize for her 2001 novel, "Note of Hiding in the East".
Zong Pu : Feng Zhongpu (born 26 July 1928), better known by her pen name Zong Pu, is a Chinese novelist.
Kim Jung-eun : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susie Wolff : In 2018, Wolff joined Venturi Racing in Formula E as Team Principal and also became a shareholder in the team.
Mayte Martín : In 2005 she celebrated her 30 years as a performing artist at the Palau de la Música Catalana, with a concert entitled 'Mis 30 años de amor al Arte', with which she is now touring Spain and other European countries.
Mayte Martín : In 1997, she received the Barcelona City Award, granted by the City Council, and the National Music Award in the category of "Best Flamenco Composer".
Mayte Martín : Although already well-established as a solo cantaora, she resumed her facet as a singer for dance when she met bailaora Belén Maya in 1996, with whom she has toured the world with the works "Mayte Martín + Belén Maya" (since 1996) and "Flamenco de Cámara" (since 2003), winning international critical acclaim.
Badr bin Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Jalawi Al Saud : ( ) has been the governor of Al-Ahsa in Saudi Arabia since 13 December 1997.
Jill Abramson : Jill Ellen Abramson (born March 19, 1954) is an American author, journalist, and academic.
Jun Fubuki : This role also won Fubuki the "Best Actress" award at the Yokohama Film Festival.
Liu Liyang : Jeno Liu Liyang (, born October 24, 1982) is a Chinese singer, DJ, producer and actress.
Claudia Ciesla : In November 2007 she told in an interview, that she plans after her modelling career to become a tax consultant.
Claudia Ciesla : Shahjahan mentioned in an interview that there will be more assignments for Ciesla in Bollywood.
Claudia Ciesla : "The New Indian Express" reported that Ciesla is acting in a Bollywood film "Karma" along with leads Carlucci Weyant, Alma Saraci as part of an international filmcrew to be filmed in India.
Claudia Ciesla : Claudia Ciesla (born 12 February 1987) is a Polish-German actress and model who works mainly in the Indian film industry.
Claudia Ciesla : In July 2008 Ciesla played "Claudia" in the Italian television sitcom "Outsiders in Palermo", shot in Palermo.
Claudia Ciesla : In March 2006, Ciesla won a subscribers poll on the internet websites of "Auto Bild", "Bild", Sat.1, T-Online and Kabeleins to give her first place as "Germany's Super Girl" 2006.
Claudia Ciesla : In the touristic season of 2007–2008 Claudia Ciesla was representing the snowrichest tourist Ski-Village in the World, Damüls, Austria, as the "Snow Queen 2008" and was showing up for various events, promotional appearances and photo shoots for magazines, advertising and brochures including a cover shoot for the magazine “MOTOR-Freizeit and TRENDS“ in Austria.
Yozuca : Yozuca* has often worked alongside Rino of CooRie, who also sings for the "Da Capo" series.
Yozuca : Yozuca* (b.
Jodhi Meares : Jodhi Meares (born 24 March 1971) is an Australian glamour model, television personality and fashion designer.
Jean-François Kornetzky : Jean-François Kornetzky (born 27 July 1982 in Wissembourg, France) is a French professional football goalkeeper who plays for US Hostert.
Ashley Wagner : Ashley Elisabeth Wagner (born May 16, 1991) is an American former figure skater.
Ashley Wagner : At team events, medals awarded for team results only.
Ashley Wagner : Pewter medals for fourth-place finishes awarded only at U.S. national and regional events.
Margaret Chan : Chan's new term began on 1 July 2012 and continued until 30 June 2017.
Margaret Chan : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Margaret Chan : Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born August 21, 1947) is a Chinese-Canadian physician, who served as the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) delegating the People's Republic of China for 2006–2017.
Margaret Chan : After the first victim of the H5N1 died, Chan first tried to reassure Hong Kong residents with her infamous statements like, "I ate chicken last night" or "I eat chicken every day, don't panic, everyone".
Margaret Chan : She then earned her BA degree in home economics at Brescia University College an affiliated institution of the University of Western Ontario (UWO) in 1973 and her MD degree at UWO in 1977.
Meryl Davis : Davis and White posted record scores in both the short program and free dance and were awarded the first Olympic gold medal for Americans in ice dancing.
Meryl Davis : With partner Charlie White, she is the 2014 Olympic champion, the 2010 Olympic silver medalist, a two-time (2011, 2013) World champion, five-time Grand Prix Final champion (2009–2013), three-time Four Continents champion (2009, 2011, 2013) and six-time U.S. national champion (2009–2014).
Alex Law : Law collaborated with Mabel Cheung on many of her most famous films, including the "Migration Trilogy": "Illegal Immigrant" (1985), "An Autumn's Tale" (1987) and "Eight Taels of Gold" (1989).
Katrina Bowden : In 2013, Bowden married musician and singer Ben Jorgensen, formerly from the band Armor for Sleep.
Katrina Bowden : She later attended Immaculate Heart Academy in Washington Township, New Jersey.
Koni Lui : Koni Lui (呂慧儀) (born 3 September 1982 in Hong Kong) also known as Koni Lui Wai Yee is a model and 2nd runner up at the Miss Hong Kong 2006 pageant.
Koni Lui : Prior to Miss Hong Kong 2006, Koni Lui had also competed in the 2001 Elite Look of the Year HK contest, finishing 2nd and winning the Photogenic prize (Miss Hong Kong 2005 Tracy Ip was in the competition too but failed to win anything).
Freja Beha Erichsen : In 2008, casting agent James Scully said of Erichsen:
Freja Beha Erichsen : Erichsen is featured in the 2011 edition of the Pirelli Calendar, photographed by Karl Lagerfeld.
Freja Beha Erichsen : Freja Beha Erichsen (born 18 October 1987), also known as Freja Beha, is a Danish model.
Freja Beha Erichsen : Erichsen has had a number of fashion items named after her, including the Jill Stuart Freja handbag, the Chloé Freja clutch, and the Alexander Wang Freja Lace-Up Stiletto Boot with Zip Detail.
Kim Edwards : Her most recent novel, "The Lake of Dreams", "New York Times" Bestseller, was published in January 2011.
Kim Edwards : She has received many awards for the short story as well, including a Pushcart Prize, the National Magazine Award, the Nelson Algren Award, and inclusion in both "The Best American Short Stories" and the Symphony Space program ‘Selected Shorts.’ She is the recipient of a Whiting Writers’ Award, as well as grants from the Pennsylvania and Kentucky Arts Councils, the Kentucky Foundation for Women, and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Maki Ohguro : Greatest Hits +~" in 47 prefectures.
Maki Ohguro : ~Higher↗↗Higher↗↗Chuunen yo Atsuku Nare!!
Maki Ohguro : On 18 November 2016 Maki has made her television appearance after 18 years in Music Station program.
Maki Ohguro : Since February 2017 she is performing her live tour "Maki Ohguro 2017 Live-STEP!!
Maki Ohguro : After six-years of hiatus, in June 2016 she announced resume of her music activities under her debut company, Being Inc. Two months later on 10 August, she released new digital single "Higher Higher".
Maki Ohguro : In September 2017, she released her first single after hiatus titled "Lie,Lie,Lie", which was used in media as an opening theme for Anime television series Case Closed.
Carlos Alberto Santos : Carlos Alberto Souza dos Santos, best known as Santos (born December 9, 1960 in Vianópolis, Goiás) is a retired Brazilian football retired player and manager.
Rita Ackermann : Rita Ackermann has been featured in numerous museum and gallery exhibitions in the United States, Japan and Europe.
In-Ah Lee : She recently produced "The Way I Spent the End of the World" for Romanian director Catalin Mitulescu (Cannes 2006, "Un Certain Regard", Best Actress Award), Grace Lee's "American Zombie" in Los Angeles, and Arvin Chen's "Au Revoir Taipei", which won the NETPAC Asian Film Award at the 2010 Berlin International Film Festival.
Yoko Ishida : At the time her name was written as 石田よう子, but she changed it to the current spelling (石田燿子) after signing up with record label Pioneer LDC (now Geneon Universal Entertainment).
Gaile Lok : In 2005, she openly admitted to had performed breast augmentation surgery, but reverted shortly as they take too much load on the back.
Gaile Lok : Gaile Lok is of Chinese-Vietnamese descent as her mother is Kinh Vietnamese, and was born in Macau while growing up in USA.
Ume Aoki : She later created the original character designs for "Puella Magi Madoka Magica", a Shaft anime production.
Michelle Dench : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lee Sang-hwa : On a press conference in 16 May 2019, Lee officially announced she would retire from speed skating.
Lee Sang-hwa : Lee Sang-hwa (Korean: 이상화, Hanja: 李相花, ] ; born 25 February 1989) is a South Korean retired speed skater who specialises in the sprint distances.
Yoshie Takeshita : On 28 September 2012 JT Marvelous announced her retirement.
Yoshie Takeshita : Yoshie Takeshita (竹下 佳江 "Takeshita Yoshie", born March 18, 1978) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous.
Yoshie Takeshita : She played for the All-Japan women's volleyball team and was a participant at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Olympics.
Kanako Higuchi : She married Shigesato Itoi in 1993 and has a dog named Bouillon.
Yōko Ogawa : Ogawa was born in Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, graduated from Waseda University, and lives in Ashiya, Hyōgo, with her husband and son.
Kari Aalvik Grimsbø : Kari Aalvik Grimsbø (born 4 January 1985) is a former Norwegian handball player who last played for Győri Audi ETO KC and the Norwegian national team.
Kiyoko Arai : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Wei Jianhua : Upon reflection she said the injury enabled her to break from a life dedicated to training and start a family with her husband.
Susan Shirk : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Susan Shirk : in Asian studies at the University of California, Berkeley in 1968, and her Ph.D. in political science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1974.
Justine Musk : Their first son, Nevada, was born in 2002 and died of sudden infant death syndrome at the age of 10 weeks.
Justine Musk : Musk is the author of the contemporary fantasy novel "BloodAngel", published in 2005 by the ROC imprint of Penguin Books.
Justine Musk : Justine Musk (born Jennifer Justine Wilson; September 2, 1972) is a Canadian author.
Jaique Ip : Ip also represented Hong Kong in the 2007 Asian Indoor Games and won a bronze medal in the women's snooker event.
Lensey Namioka : Namioka has two daughters, Aki (born 1959) and Michi (born 1961).
Lensey Namioka : When Lensey's father was cataloging all of the phonemes used in Chinese he noted that there were two syllables that were possible in the Chinese language, but which were used in no Chinese words.
Lensey Namioka : Lensey Namioka () ( or ; born June 14, 1929) is a Chinese-born American writer of books for young adults and children.
Miriam Shor : Shor is married to Justin Hagan.
Jill Robinson : For the next seven years, Robinson researched the way bile was used and negotiated with the Chinese government.
Jill Robinson : The foundation has since established a similar sanctuary in Vietnam, where there are also hundreds of bear bile farms.
Jill Robinson : In the mid-1980s she moved to Hong Kong, where she began working for the International Fund for Animal Welfare, focusing on work in China and South Korea.
Martina Sáblíková : Martina Sáblíková and Milan Sáblík are a rare example of sister and brother both holding world records in the same sport at the same time; Martina holds the (senior) world records in the 5000 m and 10,000 m events (both from March 2007) and in the 3000 m event (from March 2019), while Milan shared the junior world record for the team pursuit with fellow Czech junior skaters Pavel Kulma and Zdeněk Haselberger (from November 2007 till March 2010).
Martina Sáblíková : In the 2006 European allround championships in Hamar, she finished fourth overall, placing third at the 3000 m and winning the 5000 m. In the 5000 m, she surprisingly beat favorite Claudia Pechstein.
Karen Russell : In 2010 Russell spent time as a visiting writer at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Sachi Tainaka : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mylène Jampanoï : Mylène Jampanoï (born 12 July 1980) is a French actress and model.
Sanae Takaichi : Takaichi served as Minister of State for Okinawa and Northern Territories Affairs, Minister of State for Science and Technology Policy, Minister of State for Innovation, Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Gender Equality and Minister of State for Food Safety in the Japanese Cabinet of Prime Minister Shinzō Abe.
Sanae Takaichi : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miley Cyrus : Raised Christian, she was baptized in a Southern Baptist church before moving to Hollywood in 2005.
Miley Cyrus : In October 2019, Cyrus began dating Australian singer Cody Simpson, a longtime friend.
Miley Cyrus : Producers attached to her seventh studio album included previous collaborator Mike Will Made It and new collaborators Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt.
Hiro Suzuhira : On February 23, 2007, she quit Navel due to health issues and again became a free illustrator.
Hiro Suzuhira : Hiro Suzuhira and Aoi Nishimata have known each other from high school; their first work, "Ritual", was introduced in 1996.
Hiro Suzuhira : In 2003, she joined Navel along with Aoi Nishimata, illustrating "Shuffle!"
Hiro Suzuhira : In 2000, she joined BasiL and became the illustrator for "Bless: Close Your Eyes, Open Your Mind".
Marie Saint-Laurent : Later in 2005, Saint-Laurent was hired to co-host Radio Pirate along with Fillion.
Carolyn R. Bertozzi : In particular, Bertozzi has advanced the understanding of cell surface oligosaccharides involved in cell recognition and inter-cellular communication.
Miwa Ueda : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Miwa Ueda : Miwa was born on September 29 in Hyōgo, Japan.
Minka Kelly : She has French, Irish and Dutch-Indonesian ancestry.
Minka Kelly : Kelly and her mother moved to various communities before settling in Albuquerque, New Mexico by the time Kelly was in junior high school.
Minka Kelly : Minka Kelly (born Minka Dumont Dufay; June 24, 1980) is an American actress and model.
Minka Kelly : She is the only child of former Aerosmith guitarist Rick Dufay and the late Maureen Dumont Kelly.
Aída Yéspica : Aída María Yéspica Jaime (] ; born 15 July 1982) is a Venezuelan television personality, model, actress and former beauty pageant contestant.
Han Hyo-joo : Han Hyo-joo (born February 22, 1987) is a South Korean film and television actress.
Kim Jong-song : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Kim Jong-song : Kim Jong-Song (born 23 April 1964) is a retired North Korean football player who played for North Korea in 1992 AFC Asian Cup.
Ma Xiaoxu : Ma Xiaoxu (; born 5 June 1988) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Dalian Quanjian in the Chinese Women's Super League.
Jeon Hye-bin : Jeon married a non-celebrity on December 7, 2019 in Bali.
Svetlana Alexievich : In her own words:
Svetlana Alexievich : On 28 September 2020, Alexievich left Belarus for Germany, promising to return depending on political conditions in Belarus.
Svetlana Alexievich : Diplomats from Lithuania, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, and Sweden began to keep a round-the-clock watch on Alexievich's home to prevent her abduction by security services.
Winnie Lau : Winnie Lau Siu Wai (born 24 July 1971) is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Qiao Hong : Qiao Hong (; born November 21, 1968 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a former female Chinese table tennis player.
Amy Lee : Ex-Cold guitarist Terry Balsamo replaced Moody in the band, both on guitar and as Lee's writing partner.
CariDee English : CariDee English (born September 23, 1984) is an American fashion model and TV personality who won Cycle 7 of "America's Next Top Model" in December 2006.
CariDee English : She entered the Millie Lewis Actors Models and Talent Competition in 2002 and was placed with Mega Models in Miami, Florida, for the summer of 2003.
Tong Wen : Tong Wen (; born 1 February 1983 in Tianjin) is a Chinese judoka.
Yang Xiuli : Yang Xiuli (; born September 1, 1983 in Fuxin, Liaoning) is a Chinese judoka.
Yang Xiuli : She won a gold medal at the 2008 Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games 78 kg category.
Barbara De Fina : Among her well-known films are "The Color of Money", "Goodfellas", "The Age of Innocence", "Casino", "The Last Temptation of Christ" and "The Grifters".
Seiko Hashimoto : She served on the Japanese Cabinet as Minister of State for the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games from September 2019 until February 2021, when she became the President of the Tokyo 2020 Organizing Committee.
May J. : May J. was born as May Hashimoto on June 20, 1988, in Yokohama, Japan.
May J. : In October 2008, she became the co-host of NHK's English-language weekly music program "J-Melo", with Shanti Snyder, going out to 180 countries via NHK World.
May J. : The "J" in her name comes from the common Arabic and Arabic girl's name "Jamileh" ( ), meaning "beautiful".
Casey Dellacqua : Casey Dellacqua ( ; born 11 February 1985) is a retired Australian professional tennis player and current commentator.
Tse Man Wing : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tse Man Wing : Tse Man Wing (, born 5 January 1983 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays as an amateur player for Hong Kong First Division club Tai Po.
Lyndsy Fonseca : 62 on the 2010 "Maxim" Hot 100 and No.
Lyndsy Fonseca : Lyndsy Marie Fonseca (born January 7, 1987) is an American actress.
Hope Solo : After the WUSA folded following the 2003 season just six days before the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup, Solo moved to Göteborg, Sweden in February 2004 to play for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC in the Swedish Premier Division, the top division of women's soccer in Sweden.
Hope Solo : Even though the players' contract with the federation stipulated that anyone on the World Cup roster had the right to play in the tour, she did not play in any of the three games against Mexico, being replaced by Briana Scurry for the first and third matches, and Nicole Barnhart for the second.
Tao Li : Tao Li (; born 10 January 1990) is a Singaporean competitive swimmer who specializes in the backstroke and butterfly.
Aslı Bayram : She has widely been regarded as being the first Miss Germany with Turkish roots; however, , who is of Turkish Iraqi origin, won the Miss Germany contest in 1996.
Aslı Bayram : Asli most recently appeared in David Frankel's comedy film "One Chance", alongside James Corden and Julie Walters, shot mainly in Venice and the UK.
Lois Smith : Supporting roles in the 1990s and 2000s included "Green Card", "Fried Green Tomatoes," "How to Make an American Quilt", "Falling Down", "Holy Matrimony", "Dead Man Walking", "Twister", "Tumbleweeds", "The Pledge", "Minority Report", "P.S.
Lois Smith : Smith also has had many roles on television, both daytime and prime time.
Carine Roitfeld : Carine Roitfeld herself described her mother as a "classic Frenchwoman", her father called "an idol", emphasizing that he was always far away.
Coco Rocha : Rocha gave birth to their daughter, Ioni James Conran, on March 28, 2015.
Coco Rocha : Mikhaila "Coco" Rocha (born September 10, 1988) is a Canadian fashion model.
Teresa Mo : She married director Tony Au and they have two daughters, Au Yik-san (區亦山) and Au Ling-san (區令山).
Sheila Chin : Sheila Chin (陳淑蘭, Pinyin: Chen Shulan) is a Hong Kong actress.
Joyce Chao : Joyce Chao or Chao Hung-chiao (; born 15 November 1979) is a Taiwanese actress, singer and television host.
Alan Epstein : Alan Epstein was an American author who wrote four books, including the travel book "As The Romans Do" (<templatestyles src="Module:Citation/CS1/styles.css" /> ), which was featured on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".
Michaela Tabb : In addition to refereeing, she is also a former player on the women's eight-ball pool circuit, where she won a number of titles as a solo competitor and as a member, and later captain, of the Scottish Ladies' team.
Michaela Tabb : As an individual competitor, Tabb won the UK women's singles title in 1997.
Michaela Tabb : Tabb became involved in pool refereeing in the mid-1990s when she and her husband, Ross McInnes, began running amateur eight-ball and nine-ball pool tournaments.
Dee Johnson : From 2005 to 2006, Johnson was an executive producer on "Commander in Chief", which starred Geena Davis as the United States' first female President.
Dee Johnson : She has worked on the series "ER", "Melrose Place", "Commander in Chief", "Southland", "The Good Wife"
Alessandra Martines : Martines has a daughter, called Stella Lelouch, with husband Claude Lelouch who she was married to from 1995–2009.
Alessandra Martines : After some time working in the United States, including the Chicago City Ballet, she moved to Rome where she worked at the Teatro dell'Opera.
Paulyn Sun : Paulyn Sun (born Suen Kai-kwan; 11 September 1974), also known as Alien Sun and Pauline Suen, is a Hong Kong-based Singaporean actress.
Rebecca Chiu : Chiu Wing Yin Rebecca (, born 24 November 1978 in Hong Kong), commonly known as Rebecca Chiu, is a female professional squash player from Hong Kong.
Doris Brougham : Doris M. Brougham (; born 1926) is a Taiwanese educator and Christian missionary.
Emi Kobayashi : She was a defender for the futsal team "Carezza", having uniform number 3.
Khosrov Harutyunyan : !
Khosrov Harutyunyan : colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #ccccff;" | Political offices
Khalifa Suleiman Khalifa : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sandra Hüller : Sandra Hüller (] ; born 1978) is a German actress.
Chan Yun To : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Tie Ya Na : She is married to Tang Peng, another table tennis player representing Hong Kong.
Tie Ya Na : Tie Ya Na or Tie Yana (; born 13 May 1979) is a table tennis player from Hong Kong, China who won two silver medals at the 2006 Asian Games in the singles and doubles competitions.
Lee Ka Man : Lee Ka Man (; born 28 November 1986) is a rower born in British Hong Kong, who won the silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the lightweight single sculls class.
Chan Wai Kei : She also competed in the windsurfing event at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, finishing in 9th position.
Yeung Chui Ling : Yeung Chui Ling (; born 17 September 1982) is a fencer from Hong Kong, China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's épée team competition.
Au Yeung Wai Sum : Catherine Au Yeung Wai-sum (; born 16 October 1984) is a sabre fencer from Hong Kong, China.
Keiko Matsuzaka : Born in Ōta, Tokyo, her father was a naturalized South Korean while her mother was Japanese.
Kim Ha-neul : Her given name "Ha-neul" means “sky” in Korean.
Chan Ka Man : Chan Ma Kan (; born 6 March 1971) is a karateka from Hong Kong, China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's kumite -60 kg class.
Irene Rosenfeld : Irene Blecker Rosenfeld (born May 3, 1953) is an American businesswoman who was the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Mondelēz International.
Ivan Jević : "As of December 25, 2006"
Kaoru Kuroki : She left public school at the age of 15 to attend art college, and later studied Renaissance art history at Yokohama National University.
Akira Kushida : Only opening and ending themes are included on this list.
Elaine Estrela Moura : Elaine Estrela Moura (November 1, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer and coach.
Clara Chou : Clara Chou (; born 9 September 1953) is a Taiwanese journalist, television and radio personality.
Clara Chou : She then entered Harvard University, where she earned a master's degree, followed by an Executive Master of Science in Business Administration degree at Peking University's Guanghua School of Management.
Marianne Pettersen : In 2007, she rejoined Asker as the assistant trainer and began playing again, as a reserve striker.
Princess Sumaya bint Hassan : Sumaya married Nasser Judeh in August 1992, Jordan's former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Princess Sumaya bint Hassan : Sumaya bint Hassan (born 14 May 1971) is a princess of Jordan.
Joyce Tang : On December 7 2013 Joyce married Matthew Chu, a Canon executive, in Thailand.
Joyce Tang : Joyce Tang Lai-ming (, born 20 January 1976 in Hong Kong) is an actress of Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB).
Machiko Tezuka : This is a rather unusual career move for the former Japanese bikini idol who has had breast reduction surgery because even though SKE48 supposedly only allows new members who are under the age of 20, Maeda Eiko was able to join at the age of 23.
Shontelle : She has lent her talent in raising funds for patients with Alzheimer's in the Together for Care concert, girl's education for She's the First, VH1 Save the Music Foundation, and breast cancer research charities.
Octavia Spencer : Spencer received further Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for playing other women in 1960s America, the mathematician Dorothy Vaughan in the biographical drama "Hidden Figures" (2016), and a cleaning woman in the fantasy drama "The Shape of Water" (2017).
Ren Xiujuan : She won the 1995 Beijing Marathon in a time of 2:30:00 and repeated that feat in 1996, improving to 2:27:13 hours.
Yang Siju : Yang Siju (, born 19 April 1973 in Qushi 曲石, Tengchong County, Yunnan) is a Chinese long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.
Yang Siju : Her personal best time was 31:16.39 minutes, achieved in October 1997 in Shanghai.
Qi Hui : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Shoko Nakagawa : Nakagawa performed at Anime Expo 2008 at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
Nikki Haley : On October 9, 2018, she tendered her resignation as the U.N. ambassador, which President Donald Trump accepted.
Nikki Haley : In 2016, Haley was named by "Time" magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
Nikki Haley : Nimrata Nikki Haley (née Randhawa; born January 20, 1972) is an American politician, diplomat, businesswoman, and author who served as the 116th and first female governor of South Carolina from 2011 to 2017 and as the 29th United States ambassador to the United Nations from 2017 to 2018.
Jodie Whittaker : Jodie Whittaker (born 17 June 1982) is an English actress.
Jodie Whittaker : Whittaker met American actor and writer Christian Contreras in drama school, and had a "big wedding" in Arizona in 2008.
Louisa So : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Louisa So : Louisa So Yuk Wa (; Born 16 January 1968 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actress in drama and TV series.
Ching He Huang : Ching-He Huang lives with her husband, actor Jamie Cho, in Surrey.
Ching He Huang : This television series was subsequently licensed into The Cooking Channel (USA), New Zealand, Germany, Iceland, Poland, Australia, and Belgium, and was also allocated to the BBC's Lifestyle channel for all its Asian feeds, including China, Hong Kong SAR, Republic of China, Singapore, and Korea.
Ching He Huang : In 2006, she published her first recipe book, "China Modern: 100 cutting-edge, fusion-style recipes for the 21st century" (pub: Kyle Cathie), which contained a variety of Chinese influenced recipes.
Michelle Dockery : Michelle Suzanne Dockery (born 15 December 1981) is an English actress.
Gwenno Saunders : Saunders represented Cornwall in the Liet International song contest, 2003, and won the People's Choice Award for her performance of "Vodya".
Gwenno Saunders : From the age of five she attended the Seán Éireann-McMahon Academy of Irish Dance and was a cast member of Michael Flatley's productions of Lord of the Dance and Feet of Flames by the age of 17, playing a lead role in a Las Vegas production of the former.
Gwenno Saunders : In June 2012, Saunders released a five-song Welsh language EP, "Ymbelydredd", available on hand-painted cassettes on Peski Records.
Gwenno Saunders : She released her first solo full-length album, the Welsh-language "Y Dydd Olaf", in October 2014 on Peski Records.
Monique Alexander : Alexander was a contract girl for Vivid Entertainment from 2004 to 2009.
Monique Alexander : Alexander was invited to the Fox News show "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld" to discuss a nonpartisan study that found that abstinence-only programs for teens do not work, whereas safe sex education programming was highly successful.
Khalil Fong : The biographical film La Bamba, about the life and career of Ritchie Valens, greatly influenced Fong's decision to become a musician.
Khalil Fong : Khalil Fong (simplified Chinese: 方大同; born 14 July 1983) is a Hong Kong-based American singer-songwriter and producer.
Brooklyn Decker : Decker was discovered in a Charlotte shopping mall as a teenager, and began her modeling career as the face of Mauri Simone, a prom dress maker.
Brooklyn Decker : Brooklyn Danielle Decker (born April 12, 1987) is an American model and actress best known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue, including the cover of the 2010 issue.
Brooklyn Decker : She and her family moved to Middletown, Ohio, then to Matthews, North Carolina, a suburb of Charlotte.
Nina Dobrev : Nikolina Kamenova Dobreva ( , ] ; born January 9, 1989), known professionally as Nina Dobrev ( ), is a Canadian actress and model.
Laura Harring : In 1987, Harring married Count Carl-Eduard von Bismarck-Schönhausen, great-great-grandson of Otto von Bismarck.
Laura Harring : Laura Elena, Countess von Bismarck-Schönhausen ("née" Martínez-Herring; March 3, 1964), known professionally as Laura Harring, is a Mexican-American actress.
Joanne Tseng : She announced her marriage to Taiwanese singer Calvin Chen on 23 January 2020, via Instagram.
Itaru Hinoue : in 2012 and "Harmonia" in 2016, which was her last contribution with Key before resigning from VisualArt's in September 2016.
Itaru Hinoue : In 2007, Hinoue provided uniform design and one of five character designs in a five-part moe adult drama CD series named "School Heart's" produced by Mana, a brand under VisualArt's.
Chen Pi-hsien : She took part in numerous music festivals: she gave performances in the Schwetzinger Festspiele, the London Proms, the Osaka Festival, the Hong Kong Arts Festival, the Festival d'Automne Paris, the Festival Wien Modern and the Triennale Cologne 1994 and 1997, as well as the Festivals of Lucerne and Osaka.
Drew Gilpin Faust : Faust was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1988 and treated that year.
Drew Gilpin Faust : Faust is married to Charles E. Rosenberg, a historian of medicine at Harvard.
Drew Gilpin Faust : During a press conference on campus, Faust said, "I hope that my own appointment can be one symbol of an opening of opportunities that would have been inconceivable even a generation ago."
Drew Gilpin Faust : On February 8, 2007, Faust was selected as the next president of the university.
Drew Gilpin Faust : Catharine Drew Gilpin Faust (born September 18, 1947) is an American historian and was the 28th President of Harvard University, the first woman to serve in that role.
Drew Gilpin Faust : Faust is the former dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study; she was Harvard's first president since 1672 without an undergraduate or graduate degree from Harvard and the first to have been raised in the South.
Drew Gilpin Faust : In 2001, Faust was appointed the first dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, which was established after the merger of Radcliffe College with Harvard University.
Aki Hata : She is a member of the band Tsukihiko, providing the vocals and keyboard.
Fabiana Murer : On July 3, 2016, she vaulted 4.87 m at the Troféu Brasil de Atletismo in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazilian athletics trials to Rio 2016, improving her own Brazilian and South American records again.
Rachel Tan : She also represented Malaysia in the Miss Chinese International Pageant 2003, held in January 2003.
Betsy Russell : Russell resides in Malibu, California.
Christine Lagarde : As a teenager, Lagarde was a member of the French national synchronised swimming team.
Christine Lagarde : In 2004, Lagarde became president of the Global Strategic Committee.
Christine Lagarde : During her year in the United States, Lagarde worked as an intern at the U.S. Capitol as Representative William Cohen's congressional assistant, helping him correspond with French-speaking constituents from his northern Maine district during the Watergate hearings.
Christine Lagarde : After her baccalauréat in 1973, she went on an American Field Service scholarship to the Holton-Arms School in Bethesda, Maryland.
Christine Lagarde : She joined the executive committee in 1995 and was elected the company's first female chairman in October 1999.
Christine Lagarde : Her father, Robert Lallouette, was a professor of English; her mother, Nicole (Carré), was a Latin, Greek and French literature teacher.
Christine Lagarde : As France's Trade Minister between 2005 and May 2007, Lagarde prioritized opening new markets for the country's products, focusing on the technology sector.
Christine Lagarde : Christine Madeleine Odette Lagarde (] ; née Lallouette, ] ; born 1 January 1956) is a French politician, businessperson and lawyer serving as President of the European Central Bank since 1 November 2019.
Ivana Baquero : She attended the American School of Barcelona, where she learned to speak fluent English, Spanish and Catalan.
Gabrielle Zevin : Zevin graduated from Harvard University in 2000 with a degree in English with a concentration in American Literature.
Gabrielle Zevin : Gabrielle Zevin (born October 24, 1977, New York City) is an American author and screenwriter.
Gabrielle Zevin : nominated for a 2006 Quill award, won the Borders Original Voices Award, and was a selection of the Barnes & Noble Book Club.
Chuang Chia-jung : On 28 October 2018, Chuang announced her retirement from professional tennis and her marriage via Instagram.
George Asakura : Her past works include "Shōnen Shōjo Romance", "Bara Ga Saita", "Suimitsuto No Yoru", "Happy End" (published by Kodansha), "Heart wo Uchinomese", "Piece of Cake", "Karaoke Baka Ichidai" (published by Shodensha), and "Heibon Punch" (published by Shogakukan).
Sanna Nielsen : Her paternal grandfather was a Dane from Århus.
Sanna Nielsen : During 2008, "Empty Room" won the OGAE Second Chance Contest 2008 with a 91 points lead to runner-up Coral from Spain.
Sanna Nielsen : Sanna Nielsen got engaged in 2006 in Las Vegas, the couple lived in Lidingö outside of Stockholm before splitting up in 2008.
Sanna Nielsen : During the following years Nielsen released the album "Min önskejul" in 1997 and the single "Time to Say Goodbye" in 1999.
Sanna Nielsen : In December 2013 Nielsen released her seventh studio album called "Min jul", which contains Christmas songs.
Sanna Nielsen : In 2002 she toured with Roger Pontare and in December the same year she participated in a Christmas concert with Kalle Moraeus and Tito Beltran in both 2003 and 2004.
Sanna Nielsen : She came first at the second semi-final which took place in Gothenburg on 12 February 2011.
Sanna Nielsen : Although the song won the public televote in the final inside the Stockholm Globe Arena on 15 March, beating Charlotte Perrelli's second-placed song "Hero" by more than 50,000 votes, it was denied the chance to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest after losing out to Perrelli in the overall points-based scoring system once the jury vote was factored into the results, thus finishing only second in the final official standings.
Hà Kiều Anh : The winner: Hà Kiều Anh (Hanoi)
Hà Kiều Anh : Hà Kiều Anh (born 1977 in Hanoi) is a Vietnamese actress and former beauty queen.
Hà Kiều Anh : After winning the Miss Vietnam pageant, she went to South Korea and joined in "Miss World University", she made the top 5 and won Miss Taejon award.
Sarah Song : Sarah Song (; born 9 August 1985) is a Chinese-Australian television host, actress, professional MC, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Chinese International 2007.
Mirai Nagasu : They are immigrants from Japan and their daughter had dual citizenship but was required by Japanese law to relinquish it before her 22nd birthday, so she chose U.S. citizenship.
Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann : Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann (born July 26, 1983) is an American food editor and writer, fashion model, and socialite.
Vivian Cheruiyot : She represented Kenya at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics, the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal at the 5000 m and bronze medal at the 10000 m at the 2012 Olympics, silver medal at the 10000 m and gold medal at the 5000 m at the 2016 Olympics, setting the new Olympic record in 5000 m event.
Vivian Cheruiyot : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
María Valverde : From 2009 to 2014 Valverde was in a relationship with the Spanish actor Mario Casas with whom she starred in three movies.
María Valverde : In March 2017, Valverde married Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel.
María Valverde : María Valverde Rodríguez (born 24 March 1987) is a Spanish actress.
Dolores Kelly : Mary Dolores Kelly MLA (born 3 September 1959) is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly for Upper Bann from 2003 until 2016, and again from 2017.
Bella Thorne : Thorne spoke about the album, saying "What fans can expect is [for it] just to be very different from anyone because I don't like to be one of those artists where you can be like: 'Oh yeah, I know them from that song.'
Hilary Duff : The divorce was finalized in February 2016.
Hilary Duff : Hilary Erhard Duff (born September 28, 1987) is an American actress, businesswoman, singer-songwriter, producer, and writer.
Hilary Duff : Duff and Comrie announced their engagement in February 2010, and married on August 14, 2010, in Santa Barbara, California.
Hilary Duff : Her "Daddio" co-star Michael Chiklis stated, "After working with her the first day, I remember saying to my wife, 'This young girl is gonna be a movie star.'
Princess Badiya bint Hassan : Her work focuses on promoting interfaith and cross-cultural understanding, human rights and the rights of asylum seekers and refugees.
Princess Badiya bint Hassan : Princess Badiya became engaged to Khaled Edward Blair in September 2004 and married him in Amman in June 2005.
Princess Badiya bint Hassan : Princess Badiya bint Hassan (born 28 March 1974) is a Jordanian princess.
Mỹ Linh : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Lu Lan : Lu Lan (born 2 May 1987) is a badminton player from China.
Lu Lan : After retired from the tournament in 2013, she continue her education at the Beijing Sport University.
Lu Lan : In 2006, she won the Korea Open and finished the year in the 5th position in the BWF World Ranking.
Hitomi Kobayashi : She says, "I got this offer to do a movie called "Kinjirareta Kankei (Forbidden Relationship)" (for the VIP studio).
Gao Yaojie : She spent all her $20,000 in award money from Jonathan Mann Award for Global Health and Human Rights and $10,000 in donations from the Ford Foundation in printing 150,000 copies of the book.
Gao Yaojie : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Donna Gaines : Gaines is the author of "Teenage Wasteland: Suburbia's Dead End Kids" (University of Chicago Press 1997), "A Misfit's Manifesto: The Sociological Memoir of a Rock & Roll Heart" (Rutgers University Press 2007), and "Why The Ramones Matter" (ForeEdge/UPNE 2018).
Donna Gaines : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Mo Ji-soo : Mo Ji-soo (Hangul: 모지수; born 3 June 1969) is a South Korean short track speed skater, who won a gold medal in the 5000 m relay at the 1992 Winter Olympics together with teammates Kim Ki-hoon, Lee Joon-ho, and Song Jae-kun.
Sally Pearson : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Sally Pearson : On 5 August 2019, Pearson announced her retirement from competitive athletics, stating that she did not believe that she would be ready for the 2020 Olympic Games.
Won Hye-kyung : colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background-color:#b0c4de" | Medal record
Won Hye-kyung : Won Hye-Kyung (Hangul: 원혜경, Hanja: 元蕙敬, born 14 October 1979) is a South Korean short track speed skater, who won medals in the 1000 m and 3000 m relay at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
An Sang-mi : She won a gold medal in the 3000 m relay at the 1998 Winter Olympics, together with teammates Chun Lee-kyung, Won Hye-kyung and Kim Yun-mi.
Wang Chunlu : Wang Chunlu (, born 27 September 1978 in Changchun, China) is a Chinese short track speed skater.
Sun Dandan : Sun Dandan (, born 3 July 1978 or 1979 in Changchun) is a Chinese short track speed skater, who won silver medals in the 3000 m relay at the 1998 and 2002 Winter Olympics.
Natalie Tong : Natalie Tong Sze-wing (born 3 May 1981) is a Hong Kong actress and model.
Natalie Tong : She earned critical acclaim for her performance in "My Unfair Lady", winning her first leading actress award, TVB Anniversary Award for Best Actress, in 2017.
Sarah Steele : in English.
Sarah Steele : High, is a hematology oncology physician at the University of Pennsylvania, and her father, George Steele, is an internal medicine physician specializing in nutrition who was on the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
Sarah Steele : Steele went on to appear in an episode of the crime drama series "Law & Order"; the dark comedy film "Mr. Gibb", which co-stars Hayden Panettiere, Tim Daly and Dan Hedaya; and the drama film "Margaret", which co-stars Matt Damon, Matthew Broderick, Anna Paquin, Mark Ruffalo, and Allison Janney.
Yuki Suetsugu : She debuted in 1992 in Kodansha's "Nakayoshi" magazine with "Taiyō no Romance".
Bak Sheut-sin : In April 2001 she received a ""Lifetime achievement award"" from the Hong Kong Film Awards from Chief Secretary for Administration Anson Chan.
Bak Sheut-sin : Bak Sheut-sin (born 1 April 1926 in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China), also known as Bai Xuexian, is a famous former Chinese opera actress in China and Hong Kong.
Hilary James : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
NapsaQ : NapsaQ has a radio show named on JOQR which began its weekly broadcast on October 4, 2006 from 0230-0300.
NapsaQ : The opening theme song of the show is "PicniQ" and its ending theme song is , both of which are tracks performed by NapsaQ.
Leah Dizon : The couple's daughter, , was born on April 24, 2009.
Leah Dizon : After graduating, Dizon stated that she would like to return to Japan for work in the future.
Leah Dizon : In June 2011, Dizon filmed commercials in Manhattan for Shonan Cosmetic Surgery Clinic.
Leah Dizon : On October 10, 2008, while three months pregnant, Dizon married Bun in a traditional Japanese ceremony.
Park Ye-jin : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Haley Bennett : Haley Loraine Keeling (born January 7, 1988), known professionally as Haley Bennett, is an American actress.
Haley Bennett : Bennett performed her first live concert at The Mint in Los Angeles on June 19, 2008.
Jan Coffey : Jan Coffey is a joint pen name for the American writers James A. McGoldrick and Nikoo Kafi McGoldrick, a married couple.
Irina Shayk : Shayk has walked the runways for Miu Miu, Bottega Veneta, Marc Jacobs, Moschino, Burberry, Versace, Givenchy, Diane Von Furstenberg, Giles Deacon, Philipp Plein, and Mango.
Irina Shayk : In 2014, she was the placard bearer for the Russian team during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Irina Shayk : Shayk modeled the Armani Exchange spring/summer 2010 campaign.
Irina Shayk : She has appeared in advertising campaigns for Burberry, Jean Paul Gaultier, Marc Jacobs, Versace, Alberta Ferretti, Givenchy, Missoni, La Perla, Roberto Cavalli, Dsquared2, La Senza, La Clover, Vigoss, Replay, Bally, Morellato, bebe, Lord & Taylor, Lacoste, Armani Exchange, Guess, Blumarine, Ellen Tracy, The Kooples, Saks Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, and Avon.
Irina Shayk : In October 2015, she became the new L'Oréal Paris International Spokesperson.
Irina Shayk : In 2007, Shayk replaced Ana Beatriz Barros as the face of Intimissimi, and in the same year debuted in the annual "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue".
Irina Shayk : Irina Valeryevna Shaykhlislamova ( ; born 6 January 1986), known as Irina Shayk ( ; ), is a Russian model and actress who received international recognition when she appeared as the first Russian model on the cover of the 2011 "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue.
Yaroslava Shvedova : Yaroslava Vyacheslavovna Shvedova ( , born 12 September 1987) is a tennis player who was born in Russia and who represents Kazakhstan.
Naru Nanao : While excelling in female character design, her design for males lacks, which is why when working on a visual novel, character design for the males will be handled by a different person, such as in the case of "", which had male character design provided by 2C Galore.
Julie Larson : Julie Larson (b. c. 1960) is an American cartoonist, most well known for her single panel comic strip "The Dinette Set".
Viktoria Postnikova : Viktoria Valentinovna Postnikova (born 12 January 1944) is a Russian pianist.
Viktoria Postnikova : Their son, Sasha Rozhdestvensky, is a violinist.
Elizabeth F. Neufeld : Neufeld retired in 2004 from UCLA as Chair of the Department of Biological Chemistry, a position she occupied since 1984.
Elizabeth F. Neufeld : Elizabeth Fondal Neufeld (born September 27, 1928) is a French-American geneticist whose research has focused on the genetic basis of metabolic disease in humans.
Elizabeth F. Neufeld : Neufeld has been awarded the Wolf Prize, the Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research, and was awarded the National Medal of Science in 1994 "for her contributions to the understanding of the lysosomal storage diseases, demonstrating the strong linkage between basic and applied scientific investigation."
Ataru Nakamura : Nakamura began studying music early in her life, teaching herself to play the piano at the age of ten, and beginning to write her own songs at fifteen.
Ataru Nakamura : Ataru Nakamura was born on 28 June 1985, in Sumida, Tokyo.
Natalia Gutman : Natalia Grigoryevna Gutman ( ) (born 14 November 1942 in Kazan), PAU, is a Russian cellist.
Joey Meng : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Joey Meng : In August 2000, she married Chan Sap-sam (the screenwriter of the "My Date with a Vampire" trilogy) in the United States after dating for about four months.
Joey Meng : By February 2015, Meng completed her contract with TVB and decided not to renew for some personal time away; she recently decided to work with TVB on a per-series basis to give herself the time and freedom to choose between projects and balance personal life.
Lene Køppen : Notably, her badminton success came as she was studying and then practising dentistry.
Lene Køppen : In the first IBF World Championships in 1977 she captured mixed doubles (with Steen Skovgaard) as well as women's singles to become the first of only seven players, through 2010, to win two events in the same edition of this tournament.
Nancy Maultsby : Nancy Maultsby (Burlington, North Carolina) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.
Nancy Maultsby : She has sung Fricka at Stuttgart Opera; Jocasta in Igor Stravinsky's Oedipus Rex in Naples, Rome, Dresden and Athens; Charlotte, Carmen and Orlovsky at Seattle Opera; Maddalena at the Netherlands Opera; Amneris with Minnesota Opera, Michigan Opera Theater, Palm Beach Opera and at the National Theater Athens; Ottavia in Athens; Cornelia in Giulio Cesare at Florida Grand Opera and Opera Colorado; Maddalena at the Netherlands Opera; and Adalgisa in Genoa.
Hayley Williams : Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and businesswoman who is best known as the lead vocalist, primary songwriter, and keyboardist of the rock band Paramore.
Hayley Williams : Williams released her debut solo single "Simmer" on January 22, 2020, and announced on the same day that her debut studio album, "Petals for Armor", would be released on May 8, 2020.
Milena Canonero : She is married to actor Marshall Bell.
Milena Canonero : Canonero reteamed with Anderson in 2014 on "The Grand Budapest Hotel", for which she received her ninth nomination and fourth win at the 87th Academy Awards.
Milena Canonero : Canonero has also designed the costumes for several stagings directed by Otto Schenk, such as "Il trittico" (Puccini, Vienna State Opera 1979), "As You Like It" (Shakespeare, Salzburg Festival 1980), "Die Fledermaus" (Strauss, Vienna State Opera 1980), "Andrea Chénier" (Giordano, Vienna State Opera 1981), and "Arabella" (Strauss, Metropolitan Opera 1983).
Milena Canonero : Milena Canonero, (born 13 July 1949) is an Italian costume designer, who has worked for both film and stage productions.
Gillian Gilks : In 1999 she was inducted into the World Badminton Hall of Fame.
Becky Lee : Becky Lee (, born 11 August 1978) is a Hong Kong TVB actress and host.
Becky Lee : She graduated from the Music Department of Hong Kong Baptist University, majored in vocal music.
Lauren Mayhew : Lauren Courtney Mayhew (born November 27, 1989) is an American singer, actress and former ring announcer for ECW.
Yūga Yamato : Before she was promoted to top star, she was considered as one of top-stars-in-waiting along with Kei Takashiro, the former top star for Cosmos Troupe, Kei Aran, the current top star for Star Troupe, Jun Sena, the current top star for Moon Troupe, and Natsuki Mizu, the current top star of Snow Troupe.
Lee Yoon-ji : Lee Yoon-ji (born March 15, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Yukiko Kada : <templatestyles src="Reflist/styles.css" />
Yukiko Kada : After his election, she took over sole leadership of Team Shiga (チームしが, "chīmu Shiga") from Mikazuki, the prefectural party founded to support Mikazuki's election and as of 2019, the second largest parliamentary group in Shiga's prefectural assembly where it includes local members of the national successors to the Democratic Party (CDP and DPFP).
Kristie Lu Stout : She is married to the Malaysian Chinese attorney Seung Chong (張偉頌).
Kristie Lu Stout : Stout was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a European American father and a Han Chinese mother; as a result, she was raised in a partially Chinese-speaking household.
Kristie Lu Stout : Kristie Lu Stout (, born December 7, 1974) is an American journalist and news anchor for CNN International.
Kristie Lu Stout : In 2000, a senior producer for CNN invited Stout to work as a "television and dotcom reporter" after listening to her give a speech about the internet in China at the Foreign Correspondents' Club, Hong Kong.
Elizabeth J. Perry : She is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a corresponding fellow of the British Academy, a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, and served as Director of Harvard's Fairbank Center for East Asian Research from 1999 to 2003 and as President of the Association for Asian Studies in 2007.
Elizabeth J. Perry : Elizabeth J. Perry, FBA (; born 9 September 1948) is an American scholar of Chinese politics and history at Harvard University, where she is the Henry Rosovsky Professor of Government and Director of the Harvard-Yenching Institute.
Elizabeth J. Perry : She observes that contemporary China consciously sees itself as an outgrowth of its long history, and Chinese political leaders are keenly aware of history, even if they may misunderstand it.
Elizabeth J. Perry : Perry took her first teaching job at the University of Arizona before becoming an assistant, then associate professor at the University of Washington (1978-1990); she the taught at the University of California, Berkeley as Robson Professor of Political Science, 1990-1997 before moving to Harvard.
Rose Moss : Along with Barney Simon and Rose Zwi, she was one of the so-called Johannesburg group of writers.
Erika Umeda : In 2002, she auditioned for Hello!
Erika Umeda : On August 1, 2009, Hello!
Erika Umeda : In 2010, Umeda was signed into a model agency called Illume Models.
Louise Richardson : On 28 May 2015, the University of Oxford announced that Professor Richardson had been nominated as the next Vice-Chancellor, subject to approval, to take up the post on 1 January 2016.
Luan Jujie : Luan Jujie (; born 14 July 1958 in Nanjing, China) is a Chinese-born Canadian fencer.
Kaya Scodelario : Kaya Rose Scodelario-Davis ("née" Humphrey; born 13 March 1992) is an English actress.
Kaya Scodelario : Scodelario's parents divorced when she was a child and she was raised in London by her mother, subsequently adopting her surname and becoming fluent in Portuguese.
Pan Mei-chen : She is popular not only in her native country but in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Chinese communities in Singapore, Malaysia, and other parts of Southeast Asia.
